 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  There are NN students standing in a row and numbered 11 through NN from left to right. You are given
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian  Given an array A1,A2,...,ANA1,A2,...,AN, count the number of subarrays of array AA which are non-decreasing. A subarray A[i,j]A[i,j], where 1≤i≤j≤N1≤i≤j≤N is a sequence of integers
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  There's an array A consisting of N non-zero integers A1..N. A subarray of A is called alternating if any two adjacent elements
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese.  There are NN guests (numbered 11 through NN) coming to Chef's wedding. Each guest is part of a family; for each valid
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian.  Nobody knows, but NN frogs live in Chef's garden.  Now they are siting on the X-axis and want to speak to each other. One
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Get excited, folks, because it is time for the final match of Codechef Premier League (CPL)!  Mike and Tracy
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  A palindrome is a string that reads same in both directions: forwards and backwards. For example, the strings radar and noon are
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Limak has a grid that consists of N rows and N columns. He randomly wrote all numbers 1 through N2 in the
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Chef likes to play games a lot. Gravity Guy is one such interesting game.  "Gravity Guy is an arcade side-scrolling game in which
 A thermal decomposition reaction is breakdown of a compound into one or more compounds when heated.  For example, P→a⋅Q+b⋅RP→a⋅Q+b⋅R is a decomposition reaction. Here, 11 unit of PP is converted into aa unit
 Read problems statements in Russian also.  Chef likes playing with strings. The most interesting game are named "CHEF in string". The move of the game consists of the following: Chef takes a subsequence
 Read problems statements in English, Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  Sherlock is stuck. There is a N X N grid in which some cells are empty (denoted by ‘.’), while some cells
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  You are given a string S of length N consisting only of 0s and 1s. You are also given an integer K.  You
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  You have an array of integers A1, A2, ..., AN. The function F(P), where P is a subset of A, is defined as the
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a rooted tree with NN nodes (numbered 11 through NN); node 11 is the root. Each node
 Chef Po had recently started home delivery service for pizzas. Po has only a single delivery boy that delivers the orders by riding his motorcycle. The motorcycle has an unlimited capacity of fuel tank.
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  There is a straight road that passes through N short tunnels. At the entrance to the first tunnel, there are C cars
 It's finally summer in Chefland! So our chef is looking forward to prepare some of the best "beat-the-heat" dishes to attract more customers. He summons the Wizard of Dessert to help him with one
 BILLIARDS is a really interesting game. It is played on a green baize with 3 balls-red, white and yellow. Sheldon and Leonard are playing a game of billiards. Sheldon is playing the game for
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef is given a sequence of prime numbers A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN. This sequence has exactly 2N2N subsequences. A subsequence of AA is
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Andy and Bob are the only two delivery men of Pizza-chef store. Today, the store received N orders.  It's known that the amount
   Flippy the Bird has proposed n problems for the MCO qualifiers. He has labelled the problems from 1 to n. Fluffy the Squirrel has reviewed the problems, and assigned a difficulty rating
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Oh, no! Chef’s in trouble. He’s got himself stuck in a cave (we don’t know how) and is looking for a way out. The
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  For a string S, let's define a function F(S) as the minimum number of blocks consisting of consecutive identical characters in S.
 Aujasvit just came up with a new game to play with his friends. NN people stand in a circle, each assigned an index from 11 to NN in clockwise order. Then the following operation
 Read problems statements in Russian here  Polo, the Penguin, has a lot of tests tomorrow at the university.  He knows that there are N different questions that will be on the tests.
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef is so good at programming that he won almost all competitions. With all the prizes, Chef bought a new house. The
 Read problems statements in Russian also.  After visiting a childhood friend, Chef wants to get back to his home. Friend lives at the first street, and Chef himself lives at the N-th (and
 Bhallaladeva was an evil king who ruled the kingdom of Maahishmati. He wanted to erect a 100ft golden statue of himself and he looted gold from several places for this. He even looted his
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Little Elephant and his friends are going to a party. Each person has his own collection of T-Shirts. There are 100 different kind of
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.    Being a CS student, Ron really don't understand why he has to take a compulsory course called "Art in Digital Age". 
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  As part of a new program to attract tourists to Byteland, Chef has been placed in charge of organizing a series of bus tours
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian  Eugene has a sequence of upper hemispheres and another of lower hemispheres. The first set consists of N upper hemispheres indexed 1 to N
 As we all know, F.C. Barcelona is the best soccer team of our era! Their entangling and mesmerizing game style usually translates into very high ball possession, consecutive counter-attack plays and goals. Lots of
 You have two binary strings AA and BB, both of length NN. You have to merge both the binary strings to form a new binary string CC of length 2⋅N2⋅N. The relative order of
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Given three positive integers N, L and R, find the number of non-decreasing sequences of size at least 1 and at most N, such
 Chef is playing a game on a sequence of NN positive integers, say A1,A2,...ANA1,A2,...AN The game is played as follows.  If all the numbers are equal, the game ends. Otherwise Select two numbers
 Read problem statements in Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given two integers NN and KK, and an array AA of NN integers. You have to choose KK disjoint
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Alok-nath is man of equality. He needs your help to divide his “sanskars” evenly amongst all his followers. By doing this, Alok-nath can create
 Read problems statements in English, Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  Given an array A1,A2...AN, you have to print the size of the largest contiguous subarray such that  LCM of all integers
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Let's consider a rectangular table R consisting of N rows and M columns. Rows are enumerated from 1  to N from top to
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef is a big fan of soccer! He loves soccer so much, that he even invented soccer for his pet dogs! Here
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.  Chef likes to solve difficult tasks. This time, he tried to solve the Big Famous Unsolvable A+B=CA+B=C. One of his
 Shiro is leading an army to save the princess of his kingdom "Abra". The princess has been made a prisoner by the neighboring kingdom "Kadabra". Kadabra is a magical land and is full of
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Chef loves to prepare delicious dishes. He has prepared N dishes numbered from 1 to N for this year's MasterChef contest. He has presented
Error Loading Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Maxim likes arithmetic progressions and does not like sequences which are not arithmetic progressions.  Now he is interested in the question: how many
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a two-dimensional matrix A of dimensions N × M, (N rows and M columns).  He calls the matrix A
 Read problem statements in Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a tree GG with NN nodes (numbered 11 through NN) and N−1N−1 undirected edges. For each node uu in
 Read problem statements in Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Consider NN binary variables x1,x2,…,xNx1,x2,…,xN. For each valid ii, the ii-th of these variables can be xi=0xi=0 or xi=1xi=1; therefore, there
 Kira likes to play with strings very much. Moreover he likes the shape of 'W' very much. He takes a string and try to make a 'W' shape out of it such that each
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a sequence A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN. You may perform the following operation an arbitrary number of times (including zero): choose
 Read problem statements in Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  There is a building with NN floors (numbered 11 through NN from bottom to top); on each floor, there are MM
 Andriy and Serhiy are little students from the Lyceum of Kremenchuk. Yesterday there was a great party in the city - Chef's birthday. There were a lot of famous programmers at the party and,
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a sequence of integers A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN. He takes a sheet of paper and for each non-empty subsequence BB of
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Little Elephant from Zoo of Lviv likes to paint. He has n objects to paint, ordered in a row and numbered form left to
 At the ACME University, as part of the Graduate course work, each student is required to undergo project work. The authorities always make an effort to find a match among the students’ interests and
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  Petr, Nikita G. and Nikita are the most influential music critics in Saint-Petersburg. They have recently downloaded their favorite band's new album and
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  NN integers A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN are placed in a circle in such a way that for each valid ii, AiAi and Ai+1Ai+1
 Read problem statements in Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a tree with NN nodes (numbered 11 through NN), rooted at node 11. For each valid ii, node
 Read problems statements Hindi ,Bengali , Mandarin chinese , Russian and Vietnamese as well.  .  Chef offers delicious food in his restaurant, but he wants to make it a more attractive place
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Last week Penguin Charlie had a birthday. Chef presented him a string S.  Unfortunately, Charlie doesn't like string S, he likes
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef is trying to open the oven in his kitchen to cook some cookies. However, the oven is special ―
 Ramesh, Suresh, Mahesh, and Mukesh are moving to a new city and are looking for apartments to live.  Now this city is not like any other city. This city is a matrix of
 Little Chief loves math. Most of all, he loves equations. He can solve any equation in the whole world. Recently he found one interesting and easy equation  x1d+x2d+x3d ≡ m (mod N) Where
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Sergey recently studied lock-free data structures. He particularly liked the data structure called Lock-Free Stack.  So, lock-free stack is basically an
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Let's call a positive integer MM a beautiful number if the following conditions are satisfied:  The decimal representation of
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Nobody outside the cooking community knows that Chef is a big fan of Chefgram™ — a social network where chefs and cooks
 It is well-known that the elephants are afraid of mouses. The Little Elephant from the Zoo of Lviv is not an exception. The Little Elephant is on a board A of n rows and
Error Loading Problem
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Chef studies very well in his University. There is only one professor who doesn't want to give him the highest grade, A. Chef has
 Read problems statements Mandarin , Bengali , Hindi , Russian and Vietnamese as well.  There are NN buckets numbered 11 through NN. The buckets contain balls; each ball has a color between 11
 "The Mars Orbiter Mission probe lifted-off from the First Launch Pad at Satish Dhawan Space Centre (Sriharikota Range SHAR), Andhra Pradesh, using a Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) rocket C25 at 09:08 UTC (14:38
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.    Nobody knows but Chef can play with words! He has a word. He claps and each letter of the word transform to
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a sequence of integers A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN.  You should choose an arbitrary (possibly empty) subsequence of AA and multiply each
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef's team is going to participate at the legendary math battles. One of the main task in the competition is to calculate
 Read problems statements in mandarin chinese, russian and vietnamese as well.  Yesterday Chef had cooked N very tasty dishes. A dish is prepared of several ingredients. You are given this information by N
 Read problems statements in mandarin chinese, russian and vietnamese as well.  Chef has an array A = (A1, A2, ..., AN), which has N integers in it initially. Chef found that for i
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  A manufacturing project consists of exactly KK tasks. The board overviewing the project wants to hire KK teams of workers
 Alice and Bob have decided to play the following game. Initially there are N diamonds placed in a straight line. Diamonds numbered from 1 to N in consecutive order. Each diamond has a specific
 Alice likes to shop online. The main reason is that she gets a lot of discounts! There are M online shops from where she purchases her items. The prices of the same item vary
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  The Aa'ugld alphabet consists of M letters, which we'll denote by integers from 1 to M in alphabetical order - the smaller number a
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  After failing to clear his school mathematics examination, infinitepro decided to prepare very hard for his upcoming re-exam, starting with
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Chef loves brackets. So much so, that rather than just use plain brackets like (), {}, or [], he has invented his own notation
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has an array A consisting of N elements. He wants to find number of pairs of non-intersecting segments [a, b] and
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  To heal people with virus infections, Ada designed small robots (nanobots) that travel through the bloodstream, scanning all tissues of
 "Nine is considered a good number in Chinese culture because it sounds the same as the word "long-lasting". Hence many             people want
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given two integers NN and MM. Find the number of sequences A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN, where each element is an integer
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  Captain Dehatti from Bawanian village is making strategy to win the Fake Cricket World Cup organised in his village.  He want his
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.  An array AA consisting of NN integers is called KK-beautiful if it holds the following property: The number of adjacent indices
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Statement  Yet another game from chef. Chef gives you N cards and M bags. Each of the N cards has an integer written
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Let’s remember the problem Mountain holidays (MOU1H). The story of Mountain holidays is the following. Some time ago, Chef discovered that more and more
 Chef likes cooking. But more than that, he likes to give gifts. And now he wants to give his girlfriend an unforgettable gift. But unfortunately he forgot the password to the safe where the
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Jem couldn't even finish half of the homework exercises in "Advanced topics in algorithm" class. The teacher is really upset and gives
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  Ridbit is given an array a1,a2,…,aNa1,a2,…,aN. He needs to find the number of ways to divide the array into contiguous
 You are given a family tree with NN members numbered 1...N1...N. Every person ii, except for the founder of the family (root) has a parent denoted by P[i]P[i]. P[root]P[root] = -1 by definition. Person
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a string AA with length NN. It contains only characters '(', ')' and '*'. Chef wants to perform
 You are given a matrix A that consists of N rows and M columns. Every number in the matrix is either zero or one. Calculate the number of such triples (i, j, h) where
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  The Little Elephant from the Zoo of Lviv is going to the Birthday Party of  the Big Hippo tomorrow. Now he wants to
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef's loves his dog so much! Once his dog created two strings a and b each of length n consisting of digits
 “Jesse, you asked me if I was in the meth business, or the money business… Neither. I’m in the empire business.”  Walter’s sold his stack in Gray Matter Technologies, a company which he
 Chef Sridhar listenes to music while cooking. He realized that the lyrics of many songs contain the same words. He thought of a task to do in his leisure; pick a set of words
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  , Russian and Vietnamese  Churu is taking the course called “Introduction to Data Structures”. Yesterday, he learned how to use a stack to check is a
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a string SS. Find the number of ways to choose an unordered pair of non-overlapping non-empty substrings
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef recently learned about the classic Longest Increasing Subsequence problem. However, Chef found out that while the length of the longest increasing
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Consider directed graph which has n + 2 layers numbered from left to right by integers from 0 up to n + 1. The
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Tuzik and Vanya are playing the following game.  They have an N × M board and a chip to indicate the
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  A meteor fell on Andrew's house. That's why he decided to build a new home and chose a site where he wanted to build
 In Domino Solitaire, you have a grid with two rows and NN columns. Each square in the grid contains an integer AA. You are given a supply of rectangular 2×12×1 tiles, each of which
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  You have a tree consisting of n vertices. You want to color each vertex of the tree in one of the k
   Mr.DBShah is the creater of this beautiful place. So being the creater of these island Mr.DBShah has the power take travels from x to 2x island in return of 2 pound and
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  There are NN heaps of candies (numbered 11 through NN); for each valid ii, the ii-th of them contains exactly
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  A recent glut in Chefland's markets has caused the local currency Peppercorn to devaluate sharply. (Peppercorns are getting cheaper on an average,
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  In this problem Sereja is interested in number of arrays A[1], A[2], ..., A[N] (1 ≤ A[i] ≤ M, A[i] - integer)  such
 Read problem statements in Mandarin Chinese and Bengali.  Let's define Fibonacci concatenation sequence as follows:  f[0]=0f[0]=0, f[1]=1f[1]=1 f[i]=f[i−1]+f[i−2]f[i]=f[i−1]+f[i−2], for every i≥2i≥2  Here f[i]f[i] denotes the ithith Fibonacci concatenation number and ++
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  An even sequence has the following property: each maximal contiguous subsequence which contains only equal integers (i.e. the same integer
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a string s consisting of upper case Latin alphabets, i.e. from 'A' to 'Z'. Your task is to find
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  We say that a binary string (a string containing only characters '0' and '1') is pure if it does not
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  There are NN points in a plane (numbered 11 through NN). For each valid ii, the coordinates of the ii-th
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has recently learned robotics and has now been able to construct a robot that's much better than his robots from last
 A late night party is going on in hotel Taj. There are N persons numbered from 1, 2, 3 ..... N (assume one based indexing) and a celebrity is present in the party. Some
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Mr. Wilson was planning to record his new Progressive Rock music album called "Digits. Cannot. Separate". Xenny and PowerShell, popular pseudo-number-theoreticists from
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Sereja and Arrays  Sereja have an array that consist of n integers a1, a2, ..., an (0 ≤ ai ≤ 1). Sereja can make next operation: 
 You’re given a tree with NN nodes (where each node ii has a value AiAi) and QQ queries in the form uu vv. The answer to each query is the XOR of value of
 Chef lives in Chefland. Chefland can be accurately represented by a certain number of intersections and the roads connecting them. Chefland is a strange place, because all the roads there are one-way. Also, for
 A DNA sequence can be represented by a string of letters T, A, C, and G representing four different amino acids. DNA sequences are often matched to infer structural or functional similarities between living
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Nikki has NN coconuts, she wants to prepare a special coconut soup for her best friend Mansi. In order to
 Meanwhile, Candace and Stacy are busy planning to attend the concert of the famous Love Händel. Jeremy will also be attending the event. Therefore, Candace plans to offer the best possible gift to Jeremy.
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  Statement  Chef gives you a book with N pages. The pages are numbered from 1 to N.  Chef randomly selects a
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a grid of (not necessarily non-negative) integers GG with NN rows and MM columns. Let's denote the integer in the
 Hash functions are primarily used to generate fixed-length output data that acts as a shortened reference to the original data. This is useful when the original data is too cumbersome to use in its
 Read problems statements in Russian also.  Chef plays with the sequence of N numbers. During a single move Chef is able to choose a non-decreasing subsequence of the sequence and to remove it
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef is a big fan of soccer! He loves soccer so much that he even invented soccer for dogs! Here
 Zotlin is an object-oriented programming language that provides features such as Classes and Functions. Zotlin also has the following features:  A function with the same name and same declarations can have different implementations
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a rooted tree consisting of N nodes. The nodes are numbered from 1 to N, and node 1 is
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Little Elephant from Zoo of Lviv has n (0-based numeration) blocks consisted of 1x1x1 cubes in such way that the size of i-th block
 Read problem statements in Russian, Mandarin Chinese, Bengali, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef's school semester lasts for nn days. Chef's teacher gives the students some homework every day and it is compulsory to
 The mayor of Townsville City wants to build a telephone network in the city. The city is represented as a square grid of size NN x NN. Rows and columns of the grid are
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.  As everybody knows, Reza Shiri is the favourite Iranian artist. Since we love Reza Shiri and his songs, we never
 Alice and Bob have come to spend their day in a FunFair which is close to their house. They have played almost all games and seen all the attractions. But there's one game left
 Motu is playing a game. In this game he has given NN boxes. First box contains exactly PP ball(s) and last box contains exactly QQ ball(s). He needs to fill the rest boxes with
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  You are given a character parenthesis array and an integer array.  You need to find the maximum sum sub-array in the integer
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian  Chef the chief is participating in a hill jumping competition.  There are N hills arranged in a row, and each of them is
 A number is said to be a palindrome if it remains the same when it is read backwards. Eg. 1202112021 is pallindrome while 2121 is not A number is called total-palindromic if it contains
 Dr. Bobo, while working in his laboratory, thought of an interesting problem. He has spent considerable time trying to find a solution but in vain. So he turns to you to find the solution
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  January and February are usually very cold in ChefLand. The temperature may reach -20 and even -30 degrees Celsius. Because of that,
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  Crueland is a dangerous region following ancient traditions. Every day, there are confrontations among local rulers, and thus many civilians are forced to
 Problem is very simple, you're given an array a, consisting of integers . There are m integers   For each integer  Find number of distinct elements among  Input  First line
 Chef has many friends, but his best friend is Hemant. They both love to watch anime. In fact, their weekends are meant for that only. Also, Hemant is highly into games, of which Chef
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a nice job. Actually he doesn't even remember what he is supposed to do there, because he just plays video-games
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian. Sereja call two arrays A and B with length n almost equal if for every i (1 <= i <= n) CA(A[i]) = CB(B[i]) .
 Akshay has been given a problem by his teacher to find the maximum sum of subarray given an array of nn length.  A subarray of an array is an array composed from a
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Raghav studies in NSIT and is bored of the regular hostel mess food. For a change he went to a sweet shop
 Shaun was given NN pairs of parenthesis ( )  by his teacher who gave him a difficult task.The task consists of two steps. First,Shaun should colour all NN pairs of parenthesis each with
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese here  Problem Statement  Past  In the year 2048, the Virtual Reality Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (VRMMORPG), Code Art Online (CAO), is released. With the
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian.  Sereja has a rooted tree of N nodes with node 1 being the root node. He wants to find the number of ways of assigning
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a tree with NN nodes (numbered 11 through NN) and a non-negative integer xx. The nodes of the
 Read problems statements Bengali , Mandarin chinese and Vietnamese as well.  In Chefland, there are NN cities (numbered 11 through NN) connected by N−1N−1 bidirectional roads in such a way that it is
 Caroline is a huge tennis fan. She loves watching tennis and especially rooting for players of Strangeland, her native country.  Generally, tennis tournaments are played using the Olympic system. Let's consider such a
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a problem - he likes a girl but she has 32 secrets and N friends (also girls).  Chef has
 Given a sequence XX of length MM, f(X)f(X) is defined as f(X)=∑M−1i=1|Xi+1−Xi|f(X)=∑i=1M−1|Xi+1−Xi|.  Specifically, if M=1M=1, then f(X)=0f(X)=0.  For e.g., f([3,1,7,2])=|1−3|+|7−1|+|2−7|=13f([3,1,7,2])=|1−3|+|7−1|+|2−7|=13  JJ has an array AA of length NN. He wants to
 You are given NN and there exists an array of NN items, which only the Chef knows. The i-th item of the array will have a weight (WiWi) and a profit (PiPi) value associated
 Chef has a sequence of NN integers A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN. He defines a function f(i,j)f(i,j) as follows:  f(i,j)=Ai+max(Ai,Ai+1)+max(Ai,Ai+1,Ai+2)+⋯+max(Ai,Ai+1,…,Aj)f(i,j)=Ai+max(Ai,Ai+1)+max(Ai,Ai+1,Ai+2)+⋯+max(Ai,Ai+1,…,Aj)  Chef tries to find the sum of f(i,j)f(i,j) over all (i,j)(i,j) such that 1≤i≤j≤N1≤i≤j≤N (i.e∑i=1n∑j=inf(i,j))(i.e∑i=1n∑j=inf(i,j)), but
 There is a grid containing NN rows and NN columns. The cell at the ithith row from the top and jthjth column from the left is a passable space if Si,jSi,j is '.' and
 Read problems statements in Russian here  Chef's Girl Friend has given him a unique gift. She has given him a string S. Chef being a gentleman wants to return her gift in a
   Fluffy the squirrel lives in a big city, which contains n towns. There are m uni-directional roads in the city. ci people live in town i. For each town i, Fluffy starts
 Read problems statements in Russian here  Polo, the Penguin, likes the XOR operation. Please read NOTE if you are not familiar with XOR operation.  XOR-sum of a list of numbers is the
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  The Professor is going on a trip with his family this weekend. The country where they live is a federation
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Sereja and Dima play the game. The rules are as follows:  Initially, there are n cards on the table, each card has a
 Jimma the cat had placed N bowls of cat food in a line. The amount of food in each bowl is an integer and is given to you as the array A[1], A[2], ...
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef loves to make dishes. Currently, he has NN ingredients (numbered 11 through NN) which he can use to cook
 Nearly 109+7109+7 trillion kilometers far away from the Milkyway, there exists a parallel Universe of Light called the Cosmos of Solon where each planet is called a Temple. There are total NN temples. Unlike
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  You are given three integers NN, KK and XX. Is it possible to find a sequence of non-negative integers A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN
 Read problems statements in mandarin chinese, russian and vietnamese as well.  Given a board of N rows and M columns, place the minimum number of knights such that every cell either contains a
 You have a set of unique numbers. You are trying to find a subset of this set such that no two numbers in the subset have a common digit. There will of course be
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  Problem description  Rudreshwar likes random numbers and random arrays. Today Rudreshwar started playing with a couple of Arrays A and B, each
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  As we all know, Chefland consists of NN cities (numbered 11 through NN) connected by N−1N−1 roads in such a
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  For a sequence of positive integers A1,A2,…,AKA1,A2,…,AK, let's define the number of inversions in it as the number of pairs
 Read problem statements in Mandarin, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a tree with NN nodes rooted at node 11, and your task is to color each node of the tree
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Sereja asks you to find out number of arrays A of size N, i.e. A1, A2, ..., AN (1 ≤ Ai ≤
 CodeChef has received a package of N ingredients from Aloo uncle and Kachori aunty as their Christmas gift. CodeChef decides to make dishes with every possible combination of these N ingredients. (Note: A dish
 You are given two arrays AA and BB, both of length NN.  You would like to choose exactly KK distinct indices i1,i2,…,iKi1,i2,…,iK such that min(Ai1+Ai2+…+AiK,Bi1+Bi2+…+BiK)min(Ai1+Ai2+…+AiK,Bi1+Bi2+…+BiK) is maximized. Find this maximum value.  Input
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef loves to listen bird's chirping. Now Chef is in his office and is missing the chirping of birds after getting bored
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Little Alice likes to play with her collection of N integers. She knows her collection very well, and often likes to come
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  Note: For the problem KPERM, we have observed that PYPY3 performs better than Python3.  You are given integers NN,
 Chozi is, as usual, late for his class and is stuck on a staircase where he is being very skeptic about taking them since some of the stairs are wet and Chozi is wearing
 Chef Ciel is participating in an arithmetic contest now. Why? Because of the top prize for the contest, a limited edition kitchen knife.  But to win the contest she must calculate the values
 Ish went to a Trikon City where all the houses are triangular in shape. There he saw a lot of food shortage among the people due to the impact of COVID-19. His father is
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a sequence A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN. The sequence is circular, i.e. for each valid ii, elements AiAi and Ai+1Ai+1 are considered
 Read problems statements in Russian here  The Head Chef is interested in studying interactions between his chefs . There are  N  chefs with ids 1 to N . Each chef trusts
 Chef likes numbers and number theory, we all know that. There are N digit strings that he particularly likes. He likes them so much that he defines some numbers to be beautiful numbers based
   Flash and QuickSilver challenge each other to a faceoff. They stand at the top of a huge staircase where the steps are numbered from n down to 1. In a single step,
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Nikitas does not want to study for his exams, so he decided to become a disruptor and get a part-time
 It is the last day of covid and you are coming back to your home with two empty sacks. On the way to your home, you found Ambani brothers donating all their wealth in
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  Chef is fond of pepperoni pizza, as we saw here. Once again, he has a pepperoni pizza in the shape
 Flippy the bird has a tree with NN nodes. Each edge has a weight wiwi. We can choose one of the vertices as the root of the tree, say rr. Then, the height of
 Chef is again playing a game with his best friend Garry. As usual, the rules of this game are extremely strange and uncommon.  First, they are given a stack of NN discs. Each
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  One day, you decided to write a message to your girl friend consisting of N uppercase English letters.  Your girlfriend's alphabet is
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Abdullah has recently moved to Tolland. In Tolland, there are NN cities (numbered 11 through NN) connected by N−1N−1 bidirectional
 Chef's college is conducting online exams. Chef has a test tomorrow and he being irresponsible failed to prepare for it on time (just as always). However, fortunately, he now realises the gravity of the
 The Little Elephant from the Zoo of Lviv believes in magic.  He has a magic board A that consists of N rows and M columns. Each cell of the board contains an integer
 Read problems statements in mandarin chinese, russian and vietnamese as well.  Mathison and Chef are playing a new teleportation game. This game is played on a R×CR×C board where each cell (i,j)(i,j) contains
 According to many researches, people can stand on a bus for several hours, but waiting for a bus for more than 30 minutes at a bus station can make us exhausted. The Chef is
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  You are given a sequence a1,a2,…,aNa1,a2,…,aN of non-negative integers. Your task is to process QQ queries of the following format: each query is
 Read problem statements in Russian, Bengali, and Mandarin Chinese as well.  You are given an undirected graph with NN nodes (numbered 11 through NN) and MM edges. Each edge connects two distinct nodes.
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Shortly after joining the Parliament, our Chef has been elected as the new Prime Minister. Now, being the PM, he can do
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Sometimes Sergey visits fast food restaurants. Today he is going to visit the one called PizzaKing.  Sergey wants to buy N
 Alice and Bob have invented a new game. They have a rooted tree having NN nodes (rooted at node 11), and the ithith node has the value AiAi associated with it (11-indexed). The value
 Professor Calculus wishes to hire graduate engineers for a few open positions in his funded projects. He has called K candidates for interview (numbered from 1 to K), and based on the profile of
 J.D.  a travel freak guy in NIT goes to hills in Nepal. JD want to take  exactly kk  steps to reach to the top and in  each step he climb
 Competitive Programmers love concise statements. Today, we have one such problem for you!  You're given an array A with N integers, A1, A2, A3....AN. You have to partition the elements of array A
 Given a number n in one move you can either divide it by 5(if n%5==0) or subtract it by 3. You need to determine the minimum number of moves to make the n equal
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese here  Read problems statements in Russian here  Problem Statement  Chef studies combinatorics. He tries to group objects by their rang (a positive integer associated with
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a tree with NN vertices (numbered 11 through NN) and a sequence of integers A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN. You may
 Read problems statements in mandarin chinese, russian and vietnamese as well.  You are working in a company with N employees numbered from 0 to N - 1, and employee 0 is the director.
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  You are a citizen of Arrayland. Your President (Mr. P) has given you a mundane problem:  You're given an array a
 "We’ve already come too far to end this now".  NN players advance to the fifth round and the game is going to be Hopscotch. Every player has to select one mannequin before the
 You are given an array AA of size NN.  A partitioning of the array AA is the splitting of AA into one or more non-empty contiguous subarrays such that each element of AA
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chefland is a city that always changes. It can be viewed as a grid with a fixed width NN (with
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.  Chef invented a new game named Quick Battle Royale. NN people play the game. One or more rounds are played until
 Read problem statements in Mandarin, Bengali, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given an integer KK and a tree of size NN, rooted at node 11. In one operation, you can either
 Teddy Daniels is on a secret mission. He has to collect top secret information from various places to maintain order in the city. And, he has to report everything to his boss. He has
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.    Sereja has an array A that contains n integers, namely A1, A2, ..., An. A single action consists of performing one of
 SemCrack is hosting a campus drive for emerging programmers, there are N number of programmers who  attended the drive and their skills are as follows S[0], S[1].....S[N-1] (assume 0 based indexing). Company has
 Gru has come to Minionland to recruit some minions for his next robbery. There are NN minions available for recruitment and each minion has a skill value associated with it. These skill values are
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef is playing a card game called Blackjack. He starts with a deck of NN cards (numbered 11 through NN),
   Fluffy the Squirrel is playing a game based on his friend Flippy the Bird. The game is called Flippy Bird. Initially, Flippy will be standing on the number 0 on the number
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef defined amazingness of a number n as follows. Let array a denote the decimal representation of n. amazingness of n is
 You took a space craft on rent to visit Planet Stipi. On the way to Stipi, you decided to visit NN planets (numbered from 11 to NN) on the way to the destination (1st
 Torque and Egdes  Torque (Yes! we don't have Chef today :P), the scientist is performing weird experiment on a tree. His tree contains N vertices and N-1 edges. Each vertex has some integer
 Read problems statements Mandarin , Bengali , Hindi , Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Nadaca is a country with NN cities. These cities are numbered 11 through NN and connected by MM bidirectional
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  After learning about the bitwise AND operation, Ridbit challenged Ashishgup to solve the following problem.  Let's denote the bitwise
 Neil has a perfect binary tree with NN nodes, and an integer MM. He can assign values to nodes. He calls the tree good if the following conditions are met:  Nodes' values are
 Samosa Bhai got tired of the difficult tasks given by CodeChef along with meagre salary being paid to him. So he moves to Aloo uncle's village and opens a courier company there. In the
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Elections in Bytetown are coming soon!  Candidate Boris is going to have a small walk. Bytetown can be represented as N-dimensional cube with
   Fluffy the Squirrel has an m times n grid of lights, where some of them are turned on. He thinks a subrectangle of the grid is called beautiful if the number of
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  You are given a function f which is defined as :    Your task is to find the value of 
 Read problems statements Mandarin , Bengali , Hindi , Russian and Vietnamese as well.  You are given an array of integers [A1,A2,…,AN][A1,A2,…,AN]. Let's call adding an element to this array at any position
 You can only jump from step−(x)step−(x) to step−(x+1)step−(x+1), step−(x+2)step−(x+2), or step−(x+3)step−(x+3).  You have to solve tt cases.  In each case, you are given an integer nn. You have to find the number
 You are given a tree consisting of NN nodes. The nodes are numbered from 11 to NN. The tree is rooted at the node 11.  A tree is a connected undirected graph with
   Fluffy the squirrel has a robot that is standing on some square (i, j) of an m times n grid. Fluffy can give the robot a command of length k, which consists
 As you know, Malvika has created some n programming contests. Each of the contests has three problems, categorized as easy, medium and hard on difficulty level. For the ith contest, easy problem takes TE[i]
 Read problems statements in Russian, Vietnamese, Hindi, Mandarin chinese and Bengali as well.  In between cooking lunch and dinner, Chef has decided to take some time off to read about the Activity Selection
 The auditorium of Stanford University is made up of L*R matrix (assume each coordinate has a chair). On the occasion of an event Chef was called as a chief guest. The auditorium was filled
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef opened a chain of restaurants in Chefland and invited his KK friends (numbered 11 through KK) to move there.
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a set SS, which is a subset of {1,2,…,N}{1,2,…,N}.  Consider a permutation P1,P2,…,PNP1,P2,…,PN of the integers
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Devu likes to play with a lock of N dials. Each dial rotates from numbers 0 to 9 clockwise (i.e. 0 to 1, 2
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  The Mongoose Land consists of N cities and they are connected by N - 1 bidirectional roads in such a manner that
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  Alice thought of a function FF, which takes an arbitrary array of integers A=(A1,A2,…,AM)A=(A1,A2,…,AM) as the only argument and is
 Cooper is dangling above Mann’s planet in his lander. Dr Mann has in vain tried to dock with the Endurance, resulting in a huge blast. Cooper is trying to save the Endurance by docking
 Sereja has N boxes and M stones. There is a parameter energy associated with each empty box, denoted by Ei. He wants to move each stone into some box. After moving all the stones
 An exam consists of N questions. The marks of the N questions are m1, m2, m3, .. mN respectively. Jam is giving the exam and he wants to maximise his number of marks. However
 Read problems statements in Russian.  There's an N×NN×N grid where each cell of the grid contains a positive integer. Let Vi,jVi,j be the positive integer on the cell positioned ii-th rows from the
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  A pair of non-negative integers (A,B) is called and-pair if A & B = B, i.e., bitwise-and of A and B is equal to
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.  You are given a tree with NN vertices (numbered 11 through NN) and a bag with NN markers. There is
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  In Chef Rami's kitchen, there is a long counter divided into NN sections (numbered 11 through NN). For each valid
 After the death of their mother, Alphonse and Edward now live with Pinako and Winry. Pinako is worried about their obsession with Alchemy, and that they don't give attention to their studies.  So
 You are given a tree with NN vertices. The vertices are numbered from 11 to NN. Some of the vertices are colored black and some are colored red. Also, some vertices can be uncolored.
 The Little Elephant from the Zoo of Lviv very likes coins. But most of all he likes colored coins.  He has N types of coins, numbered from 1 to N, inclusive. The coin
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a tree with N nodes. Each node of the tree has an integer weight associated with it.  Let's define
 Read problem statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You're given an array AA with NN integers.  Define F(A,i,j)=(A[j]−A[i])⋅(j−i)F(A,i,j)=(A[j]−A[i])⋅(j−i).  Consider the set PP of all pairs (i,j)(i,j) such that
 Read problems statements in English, Mandarin Chinese and Russian as well.  You have a tree consisting of N vertices numbered 1 to N. Initially each edge has a value equal to zero. You
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has a string S with length N. As Chef really likes his name, he defines the chefness of a string as
 King of Chefland is very crurcial and coward. Chef is one of the soldiers of the king. Chef is brave and very powerful soldier. This is the reason that king is affraid of Chef.
 "This world is rotten. The rotten should die." - Kira. You have "N" shinigamis and "M" apples. You need to give a positive number of apples to every shinigami and also make sure that
 Read problem statements in Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Only a few centuries later, the Berland government realized what was necessary for the country's prosperity. That's right, a dakimakura for
 There is an urgent need of NN agents for NN missions. The missions are numbered from 11 to NN. All agents have some intelligence level denoted by their IQ (a positive integer ) .
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  In the original Chef and Gordon Ramsay problem, Chef wanted to close all but three of this restaurants, and used
 A boy is playing a game on his old computer. The game involves a rectangular piece of land which is divided into m x n cells and an adventurer who is trying to get
 Alice and Bob are given an array of length of NN. They decide to play a game with it.  Initially, Alice randomly shuffles the array, and then Bob takes NN turns. In each
 Consider an infinitely large chess table. From the cell (0, 0), our knight has to move to the cell (X, Y) by the rule: our knight could only move from a cell (u, v)
 Andrew likes colored balls very much.  He has N different colors of balls, all colors are numbered from 1 to N, inclusive. There are C1 balls of the first color, C2 balls of
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.  Devus are creatures living in Devupur. There are total n Devus in Devupur. ith Devu live in ith house. Houses 1, 2, 3, ,
 Farzi Coder has been assigned an important coding assignment by his boss Programmer Bhai. Now, Farzi Coder has done coding his project and has to submit it to a central git repository.  
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has recently set up a network between the N residents of the dormitory. Each resident owns a personal computer. There are
 Enigma: The military machine used by Nazi Germany to encipher messages before and during World War II. The code of Enigma was broken once by Polish Cipher Bureau in 1932 and then again, during
 Chefland consists of nn cities numbered 11, 22, …n…n. The cities numbered 11, 22, …k…k are special cities. For each unordered pair i,ji,j, there exists a bidirectional road, destroying which has a cost of
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.  Chef Shahhoud wants to hire new chefs for his restaurant. Shahhoud posted a job offer on Chef Rami's paper "Fast
 You are given an array A=[A1,A2,…,AN]A=[A1,A2,…,AN] containing NN elements. You are also given QQ ordered pairs of integers, where the ii-th pair is denoted (xi,yi)(xi,yi).  A subsequence of AA, say [Ai1,Ai2,…,Aik][Ai1,Ai2,…,Aik], is said
 The rail system in Mumbai has changed. Now, you can buy a ticket from a station, and go to another station, if there are exactly K tracks on the route, and the route passes
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  You are given a sequence A with N elements and Q queries on this sequence. In each query, you are given two
 Consider an array AA with NN positive integers.  Let BB be defined as an array of NN integers such that for each 1≤i≤N1≤i≤N:  Bi=Ai−1Bi=Ai−1, if AiAi is even. Bi=Ai+1Bi=Ai+1, if AiAi is
 Ram brought home N identical crackers, and arranged them in a row. He then numbered all the crackers with positive integer numbers such that product of any two numbers is less than or equal
 As we all know the formula of dearrangement in the form of the recursive equation but Chef forgot the main equation and wrote down the following:  A(n)=⎧⎩⎨2A(n−1)+3A(n−2),2,1,if n≥2if n=1if n=0A(n)={2A(n−1)+3A(n−2),if n≥22,if n=11,if n=0  One of his friend pointed
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Bengali as well.  Your friend works as a valet where NN cars show up in a shift. The ii-th car will arrive TiTi seconds after
 Professor PariBrajika is in Himalpur and wishes to go to Gyankut to attend a workshop. There are K temples on the way to Gyankut. The temples are numbered from 1 to K, Himalpur is
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese , Russian and Vietnamese as well.  You are given an array A, consisting of N integers and an array B, consisting of M integers.  The subsequence
 You have a rooted tree consisting of nn vertices. There are some weights on each edge of the tree denoted by WiWi. The tree root is a vertex with number 11.  In this
 Default Body   
 Read problems statements Mandarin , Bengali , Hindi , Russian and Vietnamese as well.  There is an infinite sheet of paper and a pen. At any time, the pen may be placed above
 A fair is organized in the village. There are N shops in the village fair. All the shops can be classified as a BadBad shop or a GoodGood shop. Each shop has certain number
 Chef wanted to reach another milestone in his journey. So Chef decided to meet up with Unacademy. Chef was sure Unacademy will support him for eternity. But as tradition goes Unac from  Unacademy
 Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef Dobby loves playing games, especially games related to numbers. So, today Bhuvan gave him a new game. The description of the
 WARNING: This problem has large input / output files. Use of faster I/O methods is recommended.  Chef has a sequence of N positive integers { a1, a2, a3, ... aN }. The Sous
 Bilbo is planning his eleventy first birthday. Yes, he will soon be 111 years old. He has to decide whom all to invite to the Party. There are N families in the Shire (numbered
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  Chef's apartment consists of MM floors (numbered 11 through MM), and there's an elevator that is used to move between
 Read problems statements in mandarin chinese, russian and vietnamese as well.  Weasel loves histograms. Weasel feels that he is very much out of shape and asks for Chef’s advice. Chef convinced Weasel that
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Sereja has a box A with size N*N*N, where N=2Q for some integer Q. Each cell A(i, j, k) contains some binary
 You're given a sequence of NN - distinct positive integers, not necessarily sorted in ascending order. Your task is pretty straightforward: sort the sequence in ascending order. At any point of time, you can
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Limak is a big grizzly bear who loves wrestling. He is going to participate in a coming tournament.  There will be
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian  When Misha hits his favorite gym, he comes across an interesting problem with the barbell. In the gym, someone always leaves the weight plates
 Omy and Ish were learning the pattern printing. In order to learn they give themselves a task. In this task they are given a string and they have to form a pyramid with the
 Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.  You are given an integer sequence A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN. Find the number of integer sequences X1,X2,…,XNX1,X2,…,XN such that  0≤Xi<2390≤Xi<239 for each
 Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.  You are given NN intervals [L1,R1],[L2,R2],…,[LN,RN][L1,R1],[L2,R2],…,[LN,RN]. Consider NN integers x1,x2,…,xNx1,x2,…,xN such that:  xi∈[Li,Ri]xi∈[Li,Ri] for each valid ii all decimal
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.    Will Hunting was learning about Greatest Common Divisor (gcd) of two numbers and properties related to it. He came across
 In the cursed land of earth where all crops are failing, Tom Cooper is trying to grow nn acres of crop this season, and he can grow one crop in an acre. Tom has
 You are given a N×MN×M matrix AA, filled with distinct numbers. You can start at any cell. If you are currently at cell (x1,y1)(x1,y1), then you can jump to any other cell (x2,y2)(x2,y2), if
 Dipu's hard disk crashed last week. He bought a new one and has already installed all necessary software. But he has lost his personal collection of media files. It is just unbearable! How can
 As we all know that team LaZyProblemSetters with participants V, J and K is gearing up for ICPC 2015, and have decided to solve a problem set to practice for the prelims round. The
 Chef and two of his friends are going on a biking trip this new year. They decided to rent three bikes from a shop.  The shop has NN bikes, the ii-th of which
 You are given an array A=[A1,A2,…,AN]A=[A1,A2,…,AN] containing distinct positive integers.  Let BB be a permutation of AA. Define the value of BB to be ∑i=1N(BimodBi+1)∑i=1N(BimodBi+1)  where BN+1BN+1 is treated to be B1B1.
   Seeing the current political scenario in the city of Delhi,and the clean sweep of the Aam Aadmi Party, you are wondering that its maybe time to change careers and start selling broomsticks.
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Chef has n non-negative integers a1, a2, ..., an. He defined the following function  f(k) = (a1k + a2k + ...
 You are given a M×NM×N grid and on each cell there is a coin. A coin may have integral value denoted by  C[i][j]C[i][j]. If you're at a cell (i,j)(i,j), then you have to
 The fight between Sardar Khan and Sultan to control Wasseypur is getting very intensifying. Sultan has asked Ramadhir to supply him with automatic guns in an attempt to dominate the battlefield. The Sardar family
 Our Lonely Vijju is feeling sooo lonely that Sometimes he talks (rather shouts at god), "Why god, Why me!!!!, Where did i go wrong." The god had blessed him with only one thing ever,
 Saitama finally got a date! However, his date, Fubuki,  was not impressed by him. She wanted to see how clever Saitama was.  Hence she asked him a question.  Saitama was given
 WARNING: This problem has large input / output files. Use of faster I/O methods is recommended.  Chef has encrypted the super secret recipe for his bitsoup into a sequence of N unsigned integers
 A classroom at the Academy of Bit Wizardry contains N rows of chairs. Each row, contains exactly M chairs. Each chair is expected to be filled by exactly one student; you may assume no
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.  Recently, Chef learned how to solve the Longest common subsequence problem. Being a fan of Ekta Kapoor1, he really likes problems which
You are given a simple connected undirected graph, consisting of nn vertices and mm edges. The vertices are numbered from 11 to nn.A vertex cover of a graph is a set of vertices such that
You are given a board of size 2×n2×n (22 rows, nn columns). Some cells of the board contain chips. The chip is represented as '*', and an empty space is represented as '.'. It is
You are walking with your dog, and now you are at the promenade. The promenade can be represented as an infinite line. Initially, you are in the point 00 with your dog. You decided to
You are given a string ss consisting of characters 0 and/or 1.You have to remove several (possibly zero) characters from the beginning of the string, and then several (possibly zero) characters from the end of
There is a field divided into nn rows and mm columns. Some cells are empty (denoted as E), other cells contain robots (denoted as R).You can send a command to all robots at the same
An array is beautiful if both of the following two conditions meet:  there are at least l1l1 and at most r1r1 elements in the array equal to its minimum;  there are at least
Yura is a mathematician, and his cognition of the world is so absolute as if he have been solving formal problems a hundred of trillions of billions of years. This problem is just that!Consider all
Today is a holiday in the residence hall — Oleh arrived, in honor of which the girls gave him a string. Oleh liked the gift a lot, so he immediately thought up and offered you, his
One day Masha was walking in the park and found a graph under a tree... Surprised? Did you think that this problem would have some logical and reasoned story? No way! So, the problem...Masha has
You have a square chessboard of size n×nn×n. Rows are numbered from top to bottom with numbers from 11 to nn, and columns — from left to right with numbers from 11 to nn. So, each
Once upon a time Mike and Mike decided to come up with an outstanding problem for some stage of ROI (rare olympiad in informatics). One of them came up with a problem prototype but another
Spring has come, and the management of the AvtoBus bus fleet has given the order to replace winter tires with summer tires on all buses.You own a small bus service business and you have just
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the two versions is that the harder version asks additionally for a minimum number of subsegments.Tokitsukaze has a binary string ss of length
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference between the two versions is that the harder version asks additionally for a minimum number of subsegments.Tokitsukaze has a binary string ss of length
Tokitsukaze has a sequence aa of length nn. For each operation, she selects two numbers aiai and ajaj (i≠ji≠j; 1≤i,j≤n1≤i,j≤n).   If ai=ajai=aj, change one of them to 00.  Otherwise change both of
Tokitsukaze has a sequence with length of nn. She likes gems very much. There are nn kinds of gems. The gems of the ii-th kind are on the ii-th position, and there are aiai gems
Tokitsukaze has a permutation pp of length nn.Let's call a segment [l,r][l,r] beautiful if there exist ii and jj satisfying pi⋅pj=max{pl,pl+1,…,pr}pi⋅pj=max{pl,pl+1,…,pr}, where l≤i<j≤rl≤i<j≤r.Now Tokitsukaze has qq queries, in the ii-th query she wants to know
Tokitsukaze has a permutation pp. She performed the following operation to pp exactly kk times: in one operation, for each ii from 11 to n−1n−1 in order, if pipi > pi+1pi+1, swap pipi, pi+1pi+1. After
Tokitsukaze has two colorful tapes. There are nn distinct colors, numbered 11 through nn, and each color appears exactly once on each of the two tapes. Denote the color of the ii-th position of the
Tokitsukaze is arranging a meeting. There are nn rows and mm columns of seats in the meeting hall.There are exactly n⋅mn⋅m students attending the meeting, including several naughty students and several serious students. The students
Tokitsukaze has a permutation pp of length nn. Recall that a permutation pp of length nn is a sequence p1,p2,…,pnp1,p2,…,pn consisting of nn distinct integers, each of which from 11 to nn (1≤pi≤n1≤pi≤n).She wants to
The only difference between the two versions is that in this version n≤2⋅105n≤2⋅105 and the sum of nn over all test cases does not exceed 2⋅1052⋅105.A terminal is a row of nn equal segments numbered
The only difference between the two versions is that in this version n≤1000n≤1000 and the sum of nn over all test cases does not exceed 10001000.A terminal is a row of nn equal segments numbered
You are given a rooted tree consisting of nn vertices numbered from 11 to nn. The root is vertex 11. There is also a string ss denoting the color of each vertex: if si=Bsi=B, then
Given an array aa of length nn and an integer kk, you are tasked to find any two numbers ll and rr (l≤rl≤r) such that:   For each xx (l≤x≤r)(l≤x≤r), xx appears in aa
Timur has nn candies. The ii-th candy has a quantity of sugar equal to aiai. So, by eating the ii-th candy, Timur consumes a quantity of sugar equal to aiai.Timur will ask you qq queries
Timur's grandfather gifted him a chessboard to practice his chess skills. This chessboard is a grid aa with nn rows and mm columns with each cell having a non-negative integer written on it. Timur's challenge
You are given nn words of equal length mm, consisting of lowercase Latin alphabet letters. The ii-th word is denoted sisi.In one move you can choose any position in any single word and change the
There are nn boxes with different quantities of candies in each of them. The ii-th box has aiai candies inside.You also have nn friends that you want to give the candies to, so you decided
A ticket is a string consisting of six digits. A ticket is considered lucky if the sum of the first three digits is equal to the sum of the last three digits. Given a ticket,
Nastya baked mm pancakes and spread them on nn dishes. The dishes are in a row and numbered from left to right. She put aiai pancakes on the dish with the index ii.Seeing the dishes,
Vlad and Nastya live in a city consisting of nn houses and n−1n−1 road. From each house, you can get to the other by moving only along the roads. That is, the city is a
You are given a string ss of lowercase Latin letters. The following operation can be used:   select one character (from 'a' to 'z') that occurs at least once in the string. And replace
You are given a rooted tree consisting of nn vertices. Vertices are numbered from 11 to nn. Any vertex can be the root of a tree.A tree is a connected undirected graph without cycles. A
Polycarp bought a new expensive painting and decided to show it to his nn friends. He hung it in his room. nn of his friends entered and exited there one by one. At one moment
Given nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. You can perform the following operation on them:  select any element aiai (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n) and divide it by 22 (round down). In other words, you can replace any selected element aiai
In the pet store on sale there are:  aa packs of dog food;  bb packs of cat food;  cc packs of universal food (such food is suitable for both dogs and cats).
You are given a directed acyclic graph, consisting of nn vertices and mm edges. The vertices are numbered from 11 to nn. There are no multiple edges and self-loops.Let invinv be the number of incoming
Your friend Ivan asked you to help him rearrange his desktop. The desktop can be represented as a rectangle matrix of size n×mn×m consisting of characters '.' (empty cell of the desktop) and '*' (an
Monocarp plays "Rage of Empires II: Definitive Edition" — a strategic computer game. Right now he's planning to attack his opponent in the game, but Monocarp's forces cannot enter the opponent's territory since the opponent
You are given three arrays aa, bb and cc. Initially, array aa consists of nn elements, arrays bb and cc are empty.You are performing the following algorithm that consists of two steps:   Step
You are given a string ss, consisting only of Latin letters 'a', and a string tt, consisting of lowercase Latin letters.In one move, you can replace any letter 'a' in the string ss with a
The Berland language consists of words having exactly two letters. Moreover, the first letter of a word is different from the second letter. Any combination of two different Berland letters (which, by the way, are
You are given two integers xx and yy. You want to choose two strictly positive (greater than zero) integers aa and bb, and then apply the following operation to xx exactly aa times: replace xx
This is an interactive problem.A city has n2n2 buildings divided into a grid of nn rows and nn columns. You need to build a road of some length D(A,B)D(A,B) of your choice between each pair
The symbol ∧∧ is quite ambiguous, especially when used without context. Sometimes it is used to denote a power (a∧b=aba∧b=ab) and sometimes it is used to denote the XOR operation (a∧b=a⊕ba∧b=a⊕b). You have an ambiguous
Long ago, you thought of two finite arithmetic progressions AA and BB. Then you found out another sequence CC containing all elements common to both AA and BB. It is not hard to see that
You are given a positive integer nn. Let's call some positive integer aa without leading zeroes palindromic if it remains the same after reversing the order of its digits. Find the number of distinct ways
Let's call a string ss perfectly balanced if for all possible triplets (t,u,v)(t,u,v) such that tt is a non-empty substring of ss and uu and vv are characters present in ss, the difference between the
Alice and Bob are playing a game with strings. There will be tt rounds in the game. In each round, there will be a string ss consisting of lowercase English letters. Alice moves first and
You have a permutation pp of integers from 11 to nn.You have a strength of ss and will perform the following operation some times:  Choose an index ii such that 1≤i≤|p|1≤i≤|p| and |i−pi|≤s|i−pi|≤s. 
You have a binary string aa of length nn consisting only of digits 00 and 11. You are given qq queries. In the ii-th query, you are given two indices ll and rr such that
There is a grid with rr rows and cc columns, where the square on the ii-th row and jj-th column has an integer ai,jai,j written on it. Initially, all elements are set to 00. We
oolimry has an array aa of length nn which he really likes. Today, you have changed his array to bb, a permutation of aa, to make him sad.Because oolimry is only a duck, he can
oolimry has an array aa of length nn which he really likes. Today, you have changed his array to bb, a permutation of aa, to make him sad.Because oolimry is only a duck, he can
This is an interactive problem.There are nn words in a text editor. The ii-th word has length lili (1≤li≤20001≤li≤2000). The array ll is hidden and only known by the grader. The text editor displays words
There is an array aa of length nn. You may perform the following operation any number of times:  Choose two indices ll and rr where 1≤l<r≤n1≤l<r≤n and al=aral=ar. Then, set a[l…r]=[al+1,al+2,…,ar,al]a[l…r]=[al+1,al+2,…,ar,al]. You are also
You are given an array aa of length nn. We define the equality of the array as the number of indices 1≤i≤n−11≤i≤n−1 such that ai=ai+1ai=ai+1. We are allowed to do the following operation:  Select
Let's call a string good if its length is at least 22 and all of its characters are AA except for the last character which is BB. The good strings are AB,AAB,AAAB,…AB,AAB,AAAB,…. Note that BB
There are nn logs, the ii-th log has a length of aiai meters. Since chopping logs is tiring work, errorgorn and maomao90 have decided to play a game.errorgorn and maomao90 will take turns chopping the
Calculate the number of permutations pp of size nn with exactly kk inversions (pairs of indices (i,j)(i,j) such that i<ji<j and pi>pjpi>pj) and exactly xx indices ii such that pi>pi+1pi>pi+1.Yep, that's the whole problem. Good
You are given a rooted tree of 2n−12n−1 vertices. Every vertex of this tree has either 00 children, or 22 children. All leaves of this tree have the same distance from the root, and for
You are given a sequence of nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. You are also given xx integers 1,2,…,x1,2,…,x.You are asked to insert each of the extra integers into the sequence aa. Each integer can be inserted at
Turbulent times are coming, so you decided to buy sugar in advance. There are nn shops around that sell sugar: the ii-th shop sells one pack of sugar for aiai coins, but only one pack
You are given nn points with integer coordinates on a coordinate axis OXOX. The coordinate of the ii-th point is xixi. All points' coordinates are distinct and given in strictly increasing order.For each point ii,
You are given a string ss. You have to determine whether it is possible to build the string ss out of strings aa, aaa, bb and/or bbb by concatenating them. You can use the strings
During their training for the ICPC competitions, team "Jee You See" stumbled upon a very basic counting problem. After many "Wrong answer" verdicts, they finally decided to give up and destroy turn-off the PC. Now
After the last regional contest, Hemose and his teammates finally qualified to the ICPC World Finals, so for this great achievement and his love of trees, he gave you this problem as the name of
Sehr Sus is an infinite hexagonal grid as pictured below, controlled by MennaFadali, ZerooCool and Hosssam.They love equilateral triangles and want to create nn equilateral triangles on the grid by adding some straight lines. The
While searching for the pizza, baby Hosssam came across two permutations aa and bb of length nn.Recall that a permutation is an array consisting of nn distinct integers from 11 to nn in arbitrary order.
Hosssam decided to sneak into Hemose's room while he is sleeping and change his laptop's password. He already knows the password, which is a string ss of length nn. He also knows that there are
One day Prof. Slim decided to leave the kingdom of the GUC to join the kingdom of the GIU. He was given an easy online assessment to solve before joining the GIU. Citizens of the
Let ANDAND denote the bitwise AND operation, and OROR denote the bitwise OR operation.You are given an array aa of length nn and a non-negative integer kk. You can perform at most kk operations on
There is a grid with nn rows and mm columns, and three types of cells:   An empty cell, denoted with '.'.  A stone, denoted with '*'.  An obstacle, denoted with the
There are nn candies put from left to right on a table. The candies are numbered from left to right. The ii-th candy has weight wiwi. Alice and Bob eat candies. Alice can eat any
Given nn strings, each of length 22, consisting of lowercase Latin alphabet letters from 'a' to 'k', output the number of pairs of indices (i,j)(i,j) such that i<ji<j and the ii-th string and the jj-th
A row of nn cells is given, all initially white. Using a stamp, you can stamp any two neighboring cells such that one becomes red and the other becomes blue. A stamp can be rotated,
Given an array a=[a1,a2,…,an]a=[a1,a2,…,an] of nn positive integers, you can do operations of two types on it:  Add 11 to every element with an odd index. In other words change the array as follows:
Given an array aa of nn elements, print any value that appears at least three times or print -1 if there is no such value. InputThe first line contains an integer tt (1≤t≤1041≤t≤104) — the number
Codeforces separates its users into 44 divisions by their rating:  For Division 1: 1900≤rating1900≤rating  For Division 2: 1600≤rating≤18991600≤rating≤1899  For Division 3: 1400≤rating≤15991400≤rating≤1599  For Division 4: rating≤1399rating≤1399 Given a ratingrating, print in
mm chairs are arranged in a circle sequentially. The chairs are numbered from 00 to m−1m−1. nn people want to sit in these chairs. The ii-th of them wants at least a[i]a[i] empty chairs both
You are given a grid with nn rows and mm columns. Rows and columns are numbered from 11 to nn, and from 11 to mm. The intersection of the aa-th row and bb-th column is
You are given a rectangular grid with nn rows and mm columns. nn and mm are divisible by 44. Some of the cells are already colored black or white. It is guaranteed that no two
Consider every tree (connected undirected acyclic graph) with nn vertices (nn is odd, vertices numbered from 11 to nn), and for each 2≤i≤n2≤i≤n the ii-th vertex is adjacent to exactly one vertex with a smaller
You are given a tree (connected, undirected, acyclic graph) with nn vertices. Two edges are adjacent if they share exactly one endpoint. In one move you can remove an arbitrary edge, if that edge is
You are given a board with nn rows and nn columns, numbered from 11 to nn. The intersection of the aa-th row and bb-th column is denoted by (a,b)(a,b).A half-queen attacks cells in the same
You are given an array aa consisting of nn integers. You should divide aa into continuous non-empty subarrays (there are 2n−12n−1 ways to do that).Let s=al+al+1+…+ars=al+al+1+…+ar. The value of a subarray al,al+1,…,aral,al+1,…,ar is:  
You are given an array aa consisting of nn positive integers, and an array bb, with length nn. Initially bi=0bi=0 for each 1≤i≤n1≤i≤n.In one move you can choose an integer ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n), and add aiai
Leslie and Leon entered a labyrinth. The labyrinth consists of nn halls and mm one-way passages between them. The halls are numbered from 11 to nn.Leslie and Leon start their journey in the hall ss. Right
The King is gone. After the King's rule, all the roads in the Kingdom are run down and need repair. Three of the King's children, Adrian, Beatrice and Cecilia, are dividing the Kingdom between themselves.Adrian
Julia's nn friends want to organize a startup in a new country they moved to. They assigned each other numbers from 1 to nn according to the jobs they have, from the most front-end tasks
This is an interactive problem.There is a grid of n×mn×m cells. Two treasure chests are buried in two different cells of the grid. Your task is to find both of them. You can make two
Error Loading Problem
Error Loading Problem
Little Fiona has a collection of nn blocks of various sizes a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an, where nn is even. Some of the blocks can be equal in size. She would like to put all these blocks one onto
A revolution has recently happened in Segmentland. The new government is committed to equality, and they hired you to help with land redistribution in the country.Segmentland is a segment of length ll kilometers, with the
Daisy loves playing games with words. Recently, she has been playing the following Deletive Editing word game with Daniel. Daisy picks a word, for example, "DETERMINED". On each game turn, Daniel calls out a letter,
You are given three points on a plane. You should choose some segments on the plane that are parallel to coordinate axes, so that all three points become connected. The total length of the chosen
Distributing budgeted money with limited resources and many constraints is a hard problem. A budget plan consists of tt topics; ii-th topic consists of nini items. For each topic, the optimal relative money distribution is
A map is a matrix consisting of symbols from the set of 'U', 'L', 'D', and 'R'.A map graph of a map matrix aa is a directed graph with n⋅mn⋅m vertices numbered as (i,j)(i,j) (1≤i≤n;1≤j≤m1≤i≤n;1≤j≤m),
You are given an array aa of nn non-negative integers, numbered from 11 to nn.Let's define the cost of the array aa as mini≠jai|ajmini≠jai|aj, where || denotes the bitwise OR operation.There are qq queries. For
This is an interactive problem.There is a positive integer 1≤x≤1091≤x≤109 that you have to guess.In one query you can choose two positive integers a≠ba≠b. As an answer to this query you will get gcd(x+a,x+b)gcd(x+a,x+b), where
A tree is a connected graph without cycles. A rooted tree has a special vertex called the root. The parent of a vertex vv (different from root) is the previous to vv vertex on the
You are given an array aa of nn integers. Initially there is only one copy of the given array.You can do operations of two types:  Choose any array and clone it. After that there
You are given a positive integer nn. You have to find 44 positive integers a,b,c,da,b,c,d such that  a+b+c+d=na+b+c+d=n, and gcd(a,b)=lcm(c,d)gcd(a,b)=lcm⁡(c,d).If there are several possible answers you can output any of them. It is possible
Write a program that is compilable simultaneously in two languages: C++ (GCC 10.3.1, -std=c++11) and FreePascal (3.0.4).It absolutely does not matter what this program does, the only requirement is that it successfully compiles into an
Aenar should go to the string's home. InputA string consisting of only 66 letters. OutputA string consisting of only 66 characters. NoteIf many answers are possible, the jury will still only accept one!
 In every generation there is a Chosen One. She alone will stand against the vampires, the demons, and the forces of darkness. She is the Slayer. — Joss Whedon  InputA string ss (3≤|s|≤73≤|s|≤7)
Seven boys and seven girls from Athens were brought before King Minos. The evil king laughed and said "I hope you enjoy your stay in Crete".With a loud clang, the doors behind them shut, and
InputThe first line contains a string SS.The second line contains an integer XX.Constraints   |S|=3|S|=3  0≤X≤1090≤X≤109  The input is guaranteed to be valid.   
Aenar has an array aa consisting of nn integers. InputThe first line is the integer nn (1≤n≤1001≤n≤100).The second line contains nn integers aiai (0≤ai≤39790≤ai≤3979) — the contents of the array. OutputOutput a single number.
You won't find this sequence on OEIS. InputOne integer rr (−45≤r≤2999−45≤r≤2999). OutputOne integer. ExampleInputCopy2999 OutputCopy3000 
  
You are given a circular maze such as the ones shown in the figures.    Determine if it can be solved, i.e., if there is a path which goes from the center to
Today, like every year at SWERC, the n2n2 contestants have gathered outside the venue to take a drone photo. Jennifer, the social media manager for the event, has arranged them into an n×nn×n square. Being
Gabriella has been instructed to organize a renowned wine tasting event which will be attended by mm critics. On display, there will be nn different varieties of wine, each of which can either be a
The derby between Milan and Inter is happening soon, and you have been chosen as the assistant referee for the match, also known as linesman. Your task is to move along the touch-line, namely the
After a long time living abroad, you have decided to move back to Italy and have to find a place to live, but things are not so easy due to the ongoing global pandemic.Your three
You are organizing a training camp to teach algorithms to young kids. There are n2n2 kids, organized in an nn by nn grid. Each kid is between 11 and nn years old (inclusive) and any
On a beach there are nn huts in a perfect line, hut 11 being at the left and hut i+1i+1 being 100100 meters to the right of hut ii, for all 1≤i≤n−11≤i≤n−1. In hut ii
Bethany would like to tile her bathroom. The bathroom has width ww centimeters and length ll centimeters. If Bethany simply used the basic tiles of size 1×11×1 centimeters, she would use w⋅lw⋅l of them. However,
SWERC organizers want to hold a gastronomic event.The location of the event is a building with nn rooms connected by n−1n−1 corridors (each corridor connects two rooms) so that it is possible to go from
There are nn equidistant antennas on a line, numbered from 11 to nn. Each antenna has a power rating, the power of the ii-th antenna is pipi. The ii-th and the jj-th antenna can communicate
There are nn people, numbered from 11 to nn, sitting at a round table. Person i+1i+1 is sitting to the right of person ii (with person 11 sitting to the right of person nn).You have
A wild basilisk just appeared at your doorstep. You are not entirely sure what a basilisk is and you wonder whether it evolved from your favorite animal, the weasel. How can you find out whether
The map of Europe can be represented by a set of nn cities, numbered from 11 through nn, which are connected by mm bidirectional roads, each of which connects two distinct cities. A trip of
Vittorio has three favorite toys: a teddy bear, an owl, and a raccoon. Each of them has a name. Vittorio takes several sheets of paper and writes a letter on each side of every sheet
Gianni, SWERC's chief judge, received a huge amount of high quality problems from the judges and now he has to choose a problem set for SWERC.He received nn problems and he assigned a beauty score
There are n+1n+1 teleporters on a straight line, located in points 00, a1a1, a2a2, a3a3, ..., anan. It's possible to teleport from point xx to point yy if there are teleporters in both of those
You are given a matrix aa, consisting of 33 rows and nn columns. Each cell of the matrix is either free or taken.A free cell yy is reachable from a free cell xx if at
You are given two arrays: an array aa consisting of nn zeros and an array bb consisting of nn integers.You can apply the following operation to the array aa an arbitrary number of times: choose
There are nn trees in a park, numbered from 11 to nn. The initial height of the ii-th tree is hihi.You want to water these trees, so they all grow to the same height.The watering
Suppose you have an integer vv. In one operation, you can:   either set v=(v+1)mod32768v=(v+1)mod32768  or set v=(2⋅v)mod32768v=(2⋅v)mod32768. You are given nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. What is the minimum number of operations you need
You are given two arrays of length nn: a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an and b1,b2,…,bnb1,b2,…,bn.You can perform the following operation any number of times:   Choose integer index ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n);  Swap aiai and bibi. What is the
This is the hard version of Problem F. The only difference between the easy version and the hard version is the constraints.We will call a non-empty string balanced if it contains the same number of
This is the easy version of Problem F. The only difference between the easy version and the hard version is the constraints.We will call a non-empty string balanced if it contains the same number of
You are given a binary matrix AA of size n×nn×n. Rows are numbered from top to bottom from 11 to nn, columns are numbered from left to right from 11 to nn. The element located
You are given an array aa consisting of nn integers. For each ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n) the following inequality is true: −2≤ai≤2−2≤ai≤2.You can remove any number (possibly 00) of elements from the beginning of the array and
A string a=a1a2…ana=a1a2…an is called even if it consists of a concatenation (joining) of strings of length 22 consisting of the same characters. In other words, a string aa is even if two conditions are
Not so long ago, Vlad had a birthday, for which he was presented with a package of candies. There were nn types of candies, there are aiai candies of the type ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n).Vlad decided to
Vasya decided to go to the grocery store. He found in his wallet aa coins of 11 burle and bb coins of 22 burles. He does not yet know the total cost of all goods,
There is a tree of nn vertices and a permutation pp of size nn. A token is present on vertex xx of the tree.Alice and Bob are playing a game. Alice is in control of
There is an undirected, connected graph with nn vertices and mm weighted edges. A walk from vertex uu to vertex vv is defined as a sequence of vertices p1,p2,…,pkp1,p2,…,pk (which are not necessarily distinct) starting
Suppose you had an array AA of nn elements, each of which is 00 or 11.Let us define a function f(k,A)f(k,A) which returns another array BB, the result of sorting the first kk elements of
You are an ambitious king who wants to be the Emperor of The Reals. But to do that, you must first become Emperor of The Integers.Consider a number axis. The capital of your empire is
You are given a binary string of length nn. You have exactly kk moves. In one move, you must select a single bit. The state of all bits except that bit will get flipped (00
Team Red and Team Blue competed in a competitive FPS. Their match was streamed around the world. They played a series of nn matches.In the end, it turned out Team Red won rr times and
The cuteness of a binary string is the number of 11s divided by the length of the string. For example, the cuteness of 0110101101 is 3535.Juju has a binary string ss of length nn. She
Marin feels exhausted after a long day of cosplay, so Gojou invites her to play a game!Marin and Gojou take turns to place one of their tokens on an n×nn×n grid with Marin starting first.
This is the hard version of the problem. The difference in the constraints between both versions are colored below in red. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.Marin and
This is the easy version of the problem. The difference in the constraints between both versions is colored below in red. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.Marin and
Shinju loves permutations very much! Today, she has borrowed a permutation pp from Juju to play with.The ii-th cyclic shift of a permutation pp is a transformation on the permutation such that p=[p1,p2,…,pn]p=[p1,p2,…,pn] will now
Marin wants you to count number of permutations that are beautiful. A beautiful permutation of length nn is a permutation that has the following property: gcd(1⋅p1,2⋅p2,…,n⋅pn)>1,gcd(1⋅p1,2⋅p2,…,n⋅pn)>1, where gcdgcd is the greatest common divisor.A permutation is
Today, Marin is at a cosplay exhibition and is preparing for a group photoshoot!For the group picture, the cosplayers form a horizontal line. A group picture is considered beautiful if for every contiguous segment of
You are given a tree consisting of nn vertices, and qq triples (xi,yi,si)(xi,yi,si), where xixi and yiyi are integers from 11 to nn, and sisi is a string with length equal to the number of
In this problem, we will consider complete undirected graphs consisting of nn vertices with weighted edges. The weight of each edge is an integer from 11 to kk.An undirected graph is considered beautiful if the
Monocarp is playing a strategy game. In the game, he recruits a squad to fight monsters. Before each battle, Monocarp has CC coins to spend on his squad.Before each battle starts, his squad is empty.
You are given a bracket sequence consisting of nn characters '(' and/or )'. You perform several operations with it.During one operation, you choose the shortest prefix of this string (some amount of first characters of
You are given four integers nn, BB, xx and yy. You should build a sequence a0,a1,a2,…,ana0,a1,a2,…,an where a0=0a0=0 and for each i≥1i≥1 you can choose:   either ai=ai−1+xai=ai−1+x  or ai=ai−1−yai=ai−1−y. Your goal is
There's a chip in the point (0,0)(0,0) of the coordinate plane. In one operation, you can move the chip from some point (x1,y1)(x1,y1) to some point (x2,y2)(x2,y2) if the Euclidean distance between these two points
Given an undirected graph GG, we say that a neighbour ordering is an ordered list of all the neighbours of a vertex for each of the vertices of GG. Consider a given neighbour ordering of
You are given two sets of positive integers AA and BB. You have to find two non-empty subsets SA⊆ASA⊆A, SB⊆BSB⊆B so that the least common multiple (LCM) of the elements of SASA is equal to
We say that a sequence of nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an is a palindrome if for all 1≤i≤n1≤i≤n, ai=an−i+1ai=an−i+1. You are given a sequence of nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an and you have to find, if it exists, a
You are given nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. For any real number tt, consider the complete weighted graph on nn vertices Kn(t)Kn(t) with weight of the edge between vertices ii and jj equal to wij(t)=ai⋅aj+t⋅(ai+aj)wij(t)=ai⋅aj+t⋅(ai+aj). Let f(t)f(t)
You are given an undirected unrooted tree, i.e. a connected undirected graph without cycles.You must assign a nonzero integer weight to each vertex so that the following is satisfied: if any vertex of the tree
We say that a positive integer nn is kk-good for some positive integer kk if nn can be expressed as a sum of kk positive integers which give kk distinct remainders when divided by kk.Given
You are given an array of nn non-negative integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. You can make the following operation: choose an integer x≥2x≥2 and replace each number of the array by the remainder when dividing that number by
You are given a list of nn integers. You can perform the following operation: you choose an element xx from the list, erase xx from the list, and subtract the value of xx from all
You are given an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an of positive integers. A good pair is a pair of indices (i,j)(i,j) with 1≤i,j≤n1≤i,j≤n such that, for all 1≤k≤n1≤k≤n, the following equality holds:|ai−ak|+|ak−aj|=|ai−aj|,|ai−ak|+|ak−aj|=|ai−aj|, where |x||x| denotes the absolute value
Given a list of distinct values, we denote with first minimum, second minimum, and third minimum the three smallest values (in increasing order).A permutation p1,p2,…,pnp1,p2,…,pn is good if the following statement holds for all pairs
There are nn locations on a snowy mountain range (numbered from 11 to nn), connected by n−1n−1 trails in the shape of a tree. Each trail has length 11. Some of the locations are base
You are given an integer nn and a string ss consisting of 2n2n lowercase letters of the English alphabet. The characters of the string ss are s0s1s2⋯s2n−1s0s1s2⋯s2n−1.A string tt of length 2n2n (whose characters are
You are given an array of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an.You can do the following operation any number of times (possibly zero):   Choose any index ii and set aiai to any integer (positive, negative or 00).
Alice's potion making professor gave the following assignment to his students: brew a potion using nn ingredients, such that the proportion of ingredient ii in the final potion is ri>0ri>0 (and r1+r2+⋯+rn=1r1+r2+⋯+rn=1).He forgot the recipe,
Alice has a cake, and she is going to cut it. She will perform the following operation n−1n−1 times: choose a piece of the cake (initially, the cake is all one piece) with weight w≥2w≥2
You are given a string ss consisting of lowercase letters of the English alphabet. You must perform the following algorithm on ss:  Let xx be the length of the longest prefix of ss which
There are nn pieces of cake on a line. The ii-th piece of cake has weight aiai (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n).The tastiness of the cake is the maximum total weight of two adjacent pieces of cake (i. e., max(a1+a2,a2+a3,…,an−1+an)max(a1+a2,a2+a3,…,an−1+an)).You
Monocarp is playing a tower defense game. A level in the game can be represented as an OX axis, where each lattice point from 11 to nn contains a tower in it.The tower in the
Let's denote the size of the maximum matching in a graph GG as MM(G)MM(G).You are given a bipartite graph. The vertices of the first part are numbered from 11 to nn, the vertices of the
You are given nn distinct points on a plane. The coordinates of the ii-th point are (xi,yi)(xi,yi).For each point ii, find the nearest (in terms of Manhattan distance) point with integer coordinates that is not
There is a classroom with two rows of computers. There are nn computers in each row and each computer has its own grade. Computers in the first row has grades a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an and in the second
Recently, your friend discovered one special operation on an integer array aa:   Choose two indices ii and jj (i≠ji≠j);  Set ai=aj=|ai−aj|ai=aj=|ai−aj|. After playing with this operation for a while, he came to
Consider a playoff tournament where 2n2n athletes compete. The athletes are numbered from 11 to 2n2n.The tournament is held in nn stages. In each stage, the athletes are split into pairs in such a way
Given an undirected connected graph with nn vertices and mm edges. The graph contains no loops (edges from a vertex to itself) and multiple edges (i.e. no more than one edge between each pair of
Vitaly enrolled in the course Advanced Useless Algorithms. The course consists of nn tasks. Vitaly calculated that he has aiai hours to do the task ii from the day he enrolled in the course. That
Now Dmitry has a session, and he has to pass nn exams. The session starts on day 11 and lasts dd days. The iith exam will take place on the day of aiai (1≤ai≤d1≤ai≤d), all
Petya got an array aa of numbers from 11 to nn, where a[i]=ia[i]=i.He performed nn operations sequentially. In the end, he received a new state of the aa array.At the ii-th operation, Petya chose the
On the number line there are mm points, ii-th of which has integer coordinate xixi and integer weight wiwi. The coordinates of all points are different, and the points are numbered from 11 to mm.A
Not so long ago, Vlad came up with an interesting function: fa(x)=⌊xa⌋+xmodafa(x)=⌊xa⌋+xmoda, where ⌊xa⌋⌊xa⌋ is xaxa, rounded down, xmodaxmoda — the remainder of the integer division of xx by aa.For example, with a=3a=3 and x=11x=11,
The string ss is given, the string length is odd number. The string consists of lowercase letters of the Latin alphabet.As long as the string length is greater than 11, the following operation can be
Daniel is watching a football team playing a game during their training session. They want to improve their passing skills during that session.The game involves nn players, making multiple passes towards each other. Unfortunately, since
You are playing a very popular computer game. The next level consists of nn consecutive locations, numbered from 11 to nn, each of them containing either land or water. It is known that the first
In order to make the capital of Berland a more attractive place for tourists, the great king came up with the following plan: choose two streets of the city and call them avenues. Certainly, these
Berland is a large country with developed airlines. In total, there are nn cities in the country that are historically served by the Berlaflot airline. The airline operates bi-directional flights between mm pairs of cities,
Dima is taking part in a show organized by his friend Peter. In this show Dima is required to cross a 3×n3×n rectangular field. Rows are numbered from 11 to 33 and columns are numbered
While looking at the kitchen fridge, the little boy Tyler noticed magnets with symbols, that can be aligned into a string ss.Tyler likes strings, and especially those that are lexicographically smaller than another string, tt.
You are given an array aa of nn positive integers numbered from 11 to nn. Let's call an array integral if for any two, not necessarily different, numbers xx and yy from this array, x≥yx≥y,
Egor has a table of size n×mn×m, with lines numbered from 11 to nn and columns numbered from 11 to mm. Each cell has a color that can be presented as an integer from 11
Madoka has become too lazy to write a legend, so let's go straight to the formal description of the problem.An array of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an is called a hill if it is not empty and there
After the most stunning success with the fifth-graders, Madoka has been trusted with teaching the sixth-graders.There's nn single-place desks in her classroom. At the very beginning Madoka decided that the student number bibi (1≤bi≤n1≤bi≤n) will
Madoka is going to enroll in "TSUNS PTU". But she stumbled upon a difficult task during the entrance computer science exam:  A number is called good if it is a multiple of dd. 
Madoka as a child was an extremely capricious girl, and one of her favorite pranks was drawing on her wall. According to Madoka's memories, the wall was a table of nn rows and mm columns,
Madoka's father just reached 11 million subscribers on Mathub! So the website decided to send him a personalized award — The Mathhub's Bit Button! The Bit Button is a rectangular table with nn rows and mm
Madoka finally found the administrator password for her computer. Her father is a well-known popularizer of mathematics, so the password is the answer to the following problem.Find the maximum decimal number without zeroes and with
There are nn players, numbered from 11 to nn sitting around a round table. The (i+1)(i+1)-th player sits to the right of the ii-th player for 1≤i<n1≤i<n, and the 11-st player sits to the right
You have a rectangular board of size n×mn×m (nn rows, mm columns). The nn rows are numbered from 11 to nn from top to bottom, and the mm columns are numbered from 11 to mm
You are given a tree of nn vertices numbered from 11 to nn. A tree is a connected undirected graph without cycles. For each i=1,2,…,ni=1,2,…,n, let wiwi be the weight of the ii-th vertex. A
A number is called powerful if it is a power of two or a factorial. In other words, the number mm is powerful if there exists a non-negative integer dd such that m=2dm=2d or m=d!m=d!,
 You are given a sequence of nn non-negative integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Initially, all the elements of the sequence are unpainted. You can paint each number Red–––––Red_ or Blue¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯Blue¯ (but not both), or leave it unpainted.
Luis has a sequence of n+1n+1 integers a1,a2,…,an+1a1,a2,…,an+1. For each i=1,2,…,n+1i=1,2,…,n+1 it is guaranteed that 0≤ai<n0≤ai<n, or ai=n2ai=n2. He has calculated the sum of all the elements of the sequence, and called this value ss.
For an array of integers aa, let's define |a||a| as the number of elements in it.Let's denote two functions: F(a,k)F(a,k) is a function that takes an array of integers aa and a positive integer kk.
Consider a grid of size n×nn×n. The rows are numbered top to bottom from 11 to nn, the columns are numbered left to right from 11 to nn.The robot is positioned in a cell (1,1)(1,1).
There is a sheet of paper that can be represented with a grid of size n×mn×m: nn rows and mm columns of cells. All cells are colored in white initially.qq operations have been applied to
You are given an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an, consisting of nn integers. You are also given an integer value xx.Let f(k)f(k) be the maximum sum of a contiguous subarray of aa after applying the following operation: add
Let's call a permutation pp of length nn anti-Fibonacci if the condition pi−2+pi−1≠pipi−2+pi−1≠pi holds for all ii (3≤i≤n3≤i≤n). Recall that the permutation is the array of length nn which contains each integer from 11 to
The knight is standing in front of a long and narrow hallway. A princess is waiting at the end of it.In a hallway there are three doors: a red door, a green door and a
Sam is a kindergartener, and there are nn children in his group. He decided to create a team with some of his children to play "brawl:go 2".Sam has nn power-ups, the ii-th has type aiai.
Sam lives in Awesomeburg, its downtown has a triangular shape. Also, the following is true about the triangle:  its vertices have integer coordinates,  the coordinates of vertices are non-negative, and  its vertices
Sam started playing with round buckets in the sandbox, while also scattering pebbles. His mom decided to buy him a new bucket, so she needs to solve the following task.You are given nn distinct points
You are given an array aa of length nn. Also you are given mm distinct positions p1,p2,…,pmp1,p2,…,pm (1≤pi≤n1≤pi≤n).A non-empty subset of these positions TT is randomly selected with equal probability and the following value is
Sam changed his school and on the first biology lesson he got a very interesting task about genes.You are given nn arrays, the ii-th of them contains mm different integers — ai,1,ai,2,…,ai,mai,1,ai,2,…,ai,m. Also you are
In the work of a doctor, it is important to maintain the anonymity of clients and the results of tests. The test results are sent to everyone personally by email, but people are very impatient
Olya has an array of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. She wants to split it into tandem repeats. Since it's rarely possible, before that she wants to perform the following operation several (possibly, zero) number of times: insert
A sequence of positive integers is called great for a positive integer xx, if we can split it into pairs in such a way that in each pair the first number multiplied by xx is
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
All problems in this contest share the same statement, the only difference is the test your solution runs on. For further information on scoring please refer to "Scoring" section of the statement.This is an interactive
You want to advertise your new business, so you are going to place two posters on a billboard in the city center. The billboard consists of nn vertical panels of width 11 and varying integer
You have an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Each element initially has value 00 and color 11. You are also given qq queries to perform:   Color ll rr cc: Change the color of elements al,al+1,⋯,aral,al+1,⋯,ar to
You found a painting on a canvas of size n×mn×m. The canvas can be represented as a grid with nn rows and mm columns. Each cell has some color. Cell (i,j)(i,j) has color ci,jci,j.Near the
You are given a permutation p1,p2,…,pnp1,p2,…,pn. Then, an undirected graph is constructed in the following way: add an edge between vertices ii, jj such that i<ji<j if and only if pi>pjpi>pj. Your task is to
You are given an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. You can perform operations on the array. In each operation you can choose an integer ii (1≤i<n1≤i<n), and swap elements aiai and ai+1ai+1 of the array, if ai+ai+1ai+ai+1 is
You are given a permutation p1,p2,…,pnp1,p2,…,pn of length nn. You have to choose two integers l,rl,r (1≤l≤r≤n1≤l≤r≤n) and reverse the subsegment [l,r][l,r] of the permutation. The permutation will become p1,p2,…,pl−1,pr,pr−1,…,pl,pr+1,pr+2,…,pnp1,p2,…,pl−1,pr,pr−1,…,pl,pr+1,pr+2,…,pn.Find the lexicographically smallest permutation that
You are given a permutation pp of length nn.You can choose any subsequence, remove it from the permutation, and insert it at the beginning of the permutation keeping the same order.For every kk from 00
Vitaly gave Maxim nn numbers 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n for his 1616-th birthday. Maxim was tired of playing board games during the celebration, so he decided to play with these numbers. In one step Maxim can choose two
You are given a tree with nn vertices numbered from 11 to nn. The height of the ii-th vertex is hihi. You can place any number of towers into vertices, for each tower you can
You are given an array aa of length nn. Let cntxcntx be the number of elements from the array which are equal to xx. Let's also define f(x,y)f(x,y) as (cntx+cnty)⋅(x+y)(cntx+cnty)⋅(x+y).Also you are given mm bad
You are given two arrays aa and bb, both of length nn.You can perform the following operation any number of times (possibly zero): select an index ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n) and swap aiai and bibi.Let's define the
Andrew has nn piles with stones. The ii-th pile contains aiai stones. He wants to make his table clean so he decided to put every stone either to the 11-st or the nn-th pile.Andrew can
Let there be an array b1,b2,…,bkb1,b2,…,bk. Let there be a partition of this array into segments [l1;r1],[l2;r2],…,[lc;rc][l1;r1],[l2;r2],…,[lc;rc], where l1=1l1=1, rc=krc=k, and for any 2≤i≤c2≤i≤c holds that ri−1+1=liri−1+1=li. In other words, each element of the array
You have an array aa of length nn. You can exactly once select an integer lenlen between 11 and n−1n−1 inclusively, and then sort in non-decreasing order the prefix of the array of length lenlen
There are nn weighted points on the OXOX-axis. The coordinate and the weight of the ii-th point is xixi and wiwi, respectively. All points have distinct coordinates and positive weights. Also, xi<xi+1xi<xi+1 holds for any
There are nn cars on a coordinate axis OXOX. Each car is located at an integer point initially and no two cars are located at the same point. Also, each car is oriented either left
You are given an array aa consisting of nn distinct positive integers.Let's consider an infinite integer set SS which contains all integers xx that satisfy at least one of the following conditions: x=aix=ai for some
You are given an array aa of nn elements. Your can perform the following operation no more than nn times: Select three indices x,y,zx,y,z (1≤x<y<z≤n)(1≤x<y<z≤n) and replace axax with ay−azay−az. After the operation, |ax||ax| need
You are given an array aa of size nn. Each element in this array is an integer between 11 and 109109.You can perform several operations to this array. During an operation, you can replace an
You are given an array aa of size nn.You can perform the following operation on the array:   Choose two different integers i,ji,j (1≤i<j≤n(1≤i<j≤n), replace aiai with xx and ajaj with yy. In order
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1,000 lines of code.— Ken ThompsonFibonacci addition is an operation on an array XX of integers, parametrized by indices ll and rr. Fibonacci addition increases XlXl
Even a cat has things it can do that AI cannot.— Fei-Fei LiYou are given mm arrays of positive integers. Each array is of even length.You need to split all these integers into two equal
  This is an interactive problem.We picked an array of whole numbers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an (0≤ai≤1090≤ai≤109) and concealed exactly one zero in it! Your goal is to find the location of this zero, that is, to
People worry that computers will get too smart and take over the world, but the real problem is that they're too stupid and they've already taken over the world.— Pedro DomingosYou work for a well-known
Haha, try to solve this, SelectorUnlimited!— antontrygubO_oYour friends Alice and Bob practice fortune telling.Fortune telling is performed as follows. There is a well-known array aa of nn non-negative integers indexed from 11 to nn. The
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.— Terry Pratchett, Hogfather, DiscworldYou are given a string ss of length nn and a number kk. Let's denote by rev(s)rev(s) the reversed string ss (i.e. rev(s)=snsn−1...s1rev(s)=snsn−1...s1). You can
You are given a tree consisting of nn vertices (numbered from 11 to nn) and n−1n−1 edges (numbered from 11 to n−1n−1). Initially, all vertices except vertex 11 are inactive.You have to process queries of
You are given a connected weighted undirected graph, consisting of nn vertices and mm edges.You are asked kk queries about it. Each query consists of a single integer xx. For each query, you select a
You have an array of integers aa of size nn. Initially, all elements of the array are equal to 11. You can perform the following operation: choose two integers ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n) and xx (x>0x>0), and
Monocarp is playing a computer game. In this game, his character fights different monsters.A fight between a character and a monster goes as follows. Suppose the character initially has health hChC and attack dCdC; the
You are given a string ss, consisting only of characters '0' and '1'.You have to choose a contiguous substring of ss and remove all occurrences of the character, which is a strict minority in it,
You are given an integer nn. You have to change the minimum number of digits in it in such a way that the resulting number does not have any leading zeroes and is divisible by
This version of the problem differs from the previous one only in the constraint on nn.A tree is a connected undirected graph without cycles. A weighted tree has a weight assigned to each edge. The
This version of the problem differs from the next one only in the constraint on nn.A tree is a connected undirected graph without cycles. A weighted tree has a weight assigned to each edge. The
New Year is just around the corner, which means that in School 179, preparations for the concert are in full swing.There are nn classes in the school, numbered from 11 to nn, the ii-th class
Igor is in 11th grade. Tomorrow he will have to write an informatics test by the strictest teacher in the school, Pavel Denisovich. Igor knows how the test will be conducted: first of all, the
It has finally been decided to build a roof over the football field in School 179. Its construction will require placing nn consecutive vertical pillars. Furthermore, the headmaster wants the heights of all the pillars
Recently, the students of School 179 have developed a unique algorithm, which takes in a binary string ss as input. However, they soon found out that if some substring tt of ss is a palindrome
You are given an array aa of nn elements. You can apply the following operation to it any number of times:  Select some subarray from aa of even size 2k2k that begins at position
You are given two arrays aa and bb of nn positive integers each. You can apply the following operation to them any number of times:  Select an index ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n) and swap aiai with
You are given an undirected graph of nn vertices indexed from 11 to nn, where vertex ii has a value aiai assigned to it and all values aiai are different. There is an edge between
Given a cyclic array aa of size nn, where aiai is the value of aa in the ii-th position, there may be repeated values. Let us define that a permutation of aa is equal to
You are given an array aa of nn integers and a set BB of mm positive integers such that 1≤bi≤⌊n2⌋1≤bi≤⌊n2⌋ for 1≤i≤m1≤i≤m, where bibi is the ii-th element of BB. You can make the following
You are given nn elements numbered from 11 to nn, the element ii has value aiai and color cici, initially, ci=0ci=0 for all ii.The following operation can be applied:  Select three elements ii, jj
Given an array aa of nn integers, find a range of values [x,y][x,y] (x≤yx≤y), and split aa into exactly kk (1≤k≤n1≤k≤n) subarrays in such a way that:  Each subarray is formed by several continuous
You are given a set of nn (nn is always a power of 22) elements containing all integers 0,1,2,…,n−10,1,2,…,n−1 exactly once.Find n2n2 pairs of elements such that:  Each element in the set is in
Consider the array aa composed of all the integers in the range [l,r][l,r]. For example, if l=3l=3 and r=7r=7, then a=[3,4,5,6,7]a=[3,4,5,6,7].Given ll, rr, and kk, is it possible for gcd(a)gcd(a) to be greater than 11
Did you know you can download more RAM? There is a shop with nn different pieces of software that increase your RAM. The ii-th RAM increasing software takes aiai GB of memory to run (temporarily,
NASA (Norwegian Astronaut Stuff Association) is developing a new steering system for spaceships. But in its current state, it wouldn't be very safe if the spaceship would end up in a bunch of space junk.
Mihai lives in a town where meteor storms are a common problem. It's annoying, because Mihai has to buy groceries sometimes, and getting hit by meteors isn't fun. Therefore, we ask you to find the
This is the hard version of the problem. The difference is the constraints on nn, mm and tt. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.Alice and Bob are given
This is the easy version of the problem. The difference is the constraints on nn, mm and tt. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.Alice and Bob are given
Note: The XOR-sum of set {s1,s2,…,sm}{s1,s2,…,sm} is defined as s1⊕s2⊕…⊕sms1⊕s2⊕…⊕sm, where ⊕⊕ denotes the bitwise XOR operation.After almost winning IOI, Victor bought himself an n×nn×n grid containing integers in each cell. nn is an even
Mihai plans to watch a movie. He only likes palindromic movies, so he wants to skip some (possibly zero) scenes to make the remaining parts of the movie palindromic.You are given a list ss of
Mihai has just learned about the MEX concept and since he liked it so much, he decided to use it right away.Given an array aa of nn non-negative integers, Mihai wants to create a new
There is a k×kk×k grid, where kk is even. The square in row rr and column cc is denoted by (r,c)(r,c). Two squares (r1,c1)(r1,c1) and (r2,c2)(r2,c2) are considered adjacent if |r1−r2|+|c1−c2|=1|r1−r2|+|c1−c2|=1.An array of adjacent pairs
Major Ram is being chased by his arch enemy Raghav. Ram must reach the top of the building to escape via helicopter. The building, however, is on fire. Ram must choose the optimal path to
You have an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an consisting of nn distinct integers. You are allowed to perform the following operation on it:  Choose two elements from the array aiai and ajaj (i≠ji≠j) such that gcd(ai,aj)gcd(ai,aj) is
You are given a tree of nn vertices numbered from 11 to nn, with edges numbered from 11 to n−1n−1. A tree is a connected undirected graph without cycles. You have to assign integer weights
Rahul and Tina are looking forward to starting their new year at college. As they enter their new classroom, they observe the seats of students are arranged in a n×mn×m grid. The seat in row
There is a grid with nn rows and mm columns. Some cells are colored black, and the rest of the cells are colored white.In one operation, you can select some black cell and do exactly
You are given an integer array a0,a1,…,an−1a0,a1,…,an−1, and an integer kk. You perform the following code with it:long long ans = 0; // create a 64-bit signed variable which is initially equal to 0for(int i
You are given a tree consisting of nn vertices. Some of the vertices (at least two) are black, all the other vertices are white.You place a chip on one of the vertices of the tree,
Monocarp is planning to host a martial arts tournament. There will be three divisions based on weight: lightweight, middleweight and heavyweight. The winner of each division will be determined by a single elimination system.In particular,
Monocarp is playing a computer game once again. He is a wizard apprentice, who only knows a single spell. Luckily, this spell can damage the monsters.The level he's currently on contains nn monsters. The ii-th
You are given a decimal representation of an integer xx without leading zeros.You have to perform the following reduction on it exactly once: take two neighboring digits in xx and replace them with their sum
You are given a string ss, consisting of lowercase Latin letters. Every letter appears in it no more than twice.Your task is to rearrange the letters in the string in such a way that for
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the easy and the hard versions are removal queries, they are present only in the hard version."Interplanetary Software, Inc." together with "Robots of
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference between the easy and the hard versions are removal queries, they are present only in the hard version."Interplanetary Software, Inc." together with "Robots of
Binary Spiders are species of spiders that live on Mars. These spiders weave their webs to defend themselves from enemies.To weave a web, spiders join in pairs. If the first spider in pair has xx
The Government of Mars is not only interested in optimizing space flights, but also wants to improve the road system of the planet.One of the most important highways of Mars connects Olymp City and Kstolop,
Martians are actively engaged in interplanetary trade. Olymp City, the Martian city known for its spaceport, has become a place where goods from all the corners of our Galaxy come. To deliver even more freight
Martian scientists explore Ganymede, one of Jupiter's numerous moons. Recently, they have found ruins of an ancient civilization. The scientists brought to Mars some tablets with writings in a language unknown to science.They found out
Recently, Vlad has been carried away by spanning trees, so his friends, without hesitation, gave him a connected weighted undirected graph of nn vertices and mm edges for his birthday.Vlad defined the ority of a
This problem is interactive.We decided to play a game with you and guess the number xx (1≤x<n1≤x<n), where you know the number nn.You can make queries like this: + c: this command assigns x=x+cx=x+c (1≤c<n1≤c<n)
Masha meets a new friend and learns his phone number — ss. She wants to remember it as soon as possible. The phone number — is a string of length mm that consists of digits from 00
You have a string ss consisting of lowercase Latin alphabet letters. You can color some letters in colors from 11 to kk. It is not necessary to paint all the letters. But for each color,
You are given an array aa consisting of nn positive integers. You can perform operations on it.In one operation you can replace any element of the array aiai with ⌊ai2⌋⌊ai2⌋, that is, by an integer
Polycarp has 33 positive integers aa, bb and cc. He can perform the following operation exactly once.  Choose a positive integer mm and multiply exactly one of the integers aa, bb or cc by
Polycarp got an array of integers a[1…n]a[1…n] as a gift. Now he wants to perform a certain number of operations (possibly zero) so that all elements of the array become the same (that is, to
A binary tree of nn nodes is given. Nodes of the tree are numbered from 11 to nn and the root is the node 11. Each node can have no child, only one left child,
The statement of this problem shares a lot with problem A. The differences are that in this problem, the probability is introduced, and the constraint is different.A robot cleaner is placed on the floor of
There are nn heaps of stone. The ii-th heap has hihi stones. You want to change the number of stones in the heap by performing the following process once:   You go through the
Alice and Bob play the following game. Alice has a set SS of disjoint ranges of integers, initially containing only one range [1,n][1,n]. In one turn, Alice picks a range [l,r][l,r] from the set SS
A robot cleaner is placed on the floor of a rectangle room, surrounded by walls. The floor consists of nn rows and mm columns. The rows of the floor are numbered from 11 to nn
Let's call a set of positive integers a1,a2,…,aka1,a2,…,ak quadratic if the product of the factorials of its elements is a square of an integer, i. e. ∏i=1kai!=m2∏i=1kai!=m2, for some integer mm.You are given a positive integer
Petya is a math teacher. nn of his students has written a test consisting of mm questions. For each student, it is known which questions he has answered correctly and which he has not.If the
You are given a binary string (i. e. a string consisting of characters 0 and/or 1) ss of length nn. You can perform the following operation with the string ss at most once: choose a substring
You are given an integer array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an and integer kk.In one step you can   either choose some index ii and decrease aiai by one (make ai=ai−1ai=ai−1);  or choose two indices ii and
Berland Music is a music streaming service built specifically to support Berland local artist. Its developers are currently working on a song recommendation module.So imagine Monocarp got recommended nn songs, numbered from 11 to nn.
There are three sticks with integer lengths l1,l2l1,l2 and l3l3.You are asked to break exactly one of them into two pieces in such a way that:   both pieces have positive (strictly greater than
Consider an array of integers C=[c1,c2,…,cn]C=[c1,c2,…,cn] of length nn. Let's build the sequence of arrays D0,D1,D2,…,DnD0,D1,D2,…,Dn of length n+1n+1 in the following way:  The first element of this sequence will be equals CC: D0=CD0=C.
Railway network of one city consists of nn stations connected by n−1n−1 roads. These stations and roads forms a tree. Station 11 is a city center. For each road you know the time trains spend
You are given the sequence of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an of length nn. The sequence of indices i1<i2<…<iki1<i2<…<ik of length kk denotes the subsequence ai1,ai2,…,aikai1,ai2,…,aik of length kk of sequence aa.The subsequence ai1,ai2,…,aikai1,ai2,…,aik of length kk of
Dasha has 1010010100 coins. Recently, she found a binary string ss of length nn and some operations that allows to change this string (she can do each operation any number of times):  Replace substring
You have decided to open a new school. You have already found nn teachers and mm groups of students. The ii-th group of students consists of ki≥2ki≥2 students. You know age of each teacher and
Circular land is an 2n×2n2n×2n grid. Rows of this grid are numbered by integers from 11 to 2n2n from top to bottom and columns of this grid are numbered by integers from 11 to 2n2n
This is an interactive problem.The jury has a permutation pp of length nn and wants you to guess it. For this, the jury created another permutation qq of length nn. Initially, qq is an identity
The integers shop sells nn segments. The ii-th of them contains all integers from lili to riri and costs cici coins.Tomorrow Vasya will go to this shop and will buy some segments there. He will
You have an n×nn×n chessboard and kk rooks. Rows of this chessboard are numbered by integers from 11 to nn from top to bottom and columns of this chessboard are numbered by integers from 11
For a sequence of strings [t1,t2,…,tm][t1,t2,…,tm], let's define the function f([t1,t2,…,tm])f([t1,t2,…,tm]) as the number of different strings (including the empty string) that are subsequences of at least one string titi. f([])=0f([])=0 (i. e. the number of
You are given a permutation pp consisting of nn integers 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n (a permutation is an array where each element from 11 to nn occurs exactly once).Let's call an array aa bipartite if the following undirected
You have an array of integers (initially empty).You have to perform qq queries. Each query is of one of two types:   "11 xx" — add the element xx to the end of the array;
One day, early in the morning, you decided to buy yourself a bag of chips in the nearby store. The store has chips of nn different flavors. A bag of the ii-th flavor costs aiai
You are given an integer kk and a string ss that consists only of characters 'a' (a lowercase Latin letter) and '*' (an asterisk).Each asterisk should be replaced with several (from 00 to kk inclusive)
A rectangle with its opposite corners in (0,0)(0,0) and (w,h)(w,h) and sides parallel to the axes is drawn on a plane.You are given a list of lattice points such that each point lies on a
You had nn positive integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an arranged in a circle. For each pair of neighboring numbers (a1a1 and a2a2, a2a2 and a3a3, ..., an−1an−1 and anan, and anan and a1a1), you wrote down: are the
You are given a permutation pp of nn elements. A permutation of nn elements is an array of length nn containing each integer from 11 to nn exactly once. For example, [1,2,3][1,2,3] and [4,3,5,1,2][4,3,5,1,2] are
The only difference with E1 is the question of the problem.Vlad built a maze out of nn rooms and n−1n−1 bidirectional corridors. From any room uu any other room vv can be reached through a
The only difference with E2 is the question of the problem..Vlad built a maze out of nn rooms and n−1n−1 bidirectional corridors. From any room uu any other room vv can be reached through a
You are given a rooted tree consisting of nn vertices. Vertices are numbered from 11 to nn. Any vertex can be the root of a tree.A tree is a connected undirected graph without cycles. A
Polycarp wrote on a whiteboard an array pp of length nn, which is a permutation of numbers from 11 to nn. In other words, in pp each number from 11 to nn occurs exactly once.He
The All-Berland Team Programming Contest will take place very soon. This year, teams of four are allowed to participate.There are aa programmers and bb mathematicians at Berland State University. How many maximum teams can be
Polycarp has an integer nn that doesn't contain the digit 0. He can do the following operation with his number several (possibly zero) times: Reverse the prefix of length ll (in other words, ll leftmost
After many unsuccessful tries, Mashtali decided to copy modify an AtCoder problem. So here is his copied new problem:There is a tree with nn vertices and some non-empty set of the vertices are pinned to
After watching the new over-rated series Squid Game, Mashtali and Soroush decided to hold their own Squid Games! Soroush agreed to be the host and will provide money for the winner's prize, and Mashtali became
Right before the UEFA Euro 2020, AmShZ and Safar placed bets on who'd be the champion, AmShZ betting on Italy, and Safar betting on France.Of course, AmShZ won. Hence, Safar gave him a bracket sequence
Lee was planning to get closer to Mashtali's heart to proceed with his evil plan(which we're not aware of, yet), so he decided to beautify Mashtali's graph. But he made several rules for himself. And
Let's call an array of kk integers c1,c2,…,ckc1,c2,…,ck terrible, if the following condition holds:Let AVGAVG be the c1+c2+…+ckkc1+c2+…+ckk(the average of all the elements of the array, it doesn't have to be integer). Then the number
Lee couldn't sleep lately, because he had nightmares. In one of his nightmares (which was about an unbalanced global round), he decided to fight back and propose a problem below (which you should solve) to
Keshi is throwing a party and he wants everybody in the party to be happy.He has nn friends. His ii-th friend has ii dollars. If you invite the ii-th friend to the party, he will
An array [b1,b2,…,bm][b1,b2,…,bm] is a palindrome, if bi=bm+1−ibi=bm+1−i for each ii from 11 to mm. Empty array is also a palindrome.An array is called kalindrome, if the following condition holds: It's possible to select some
You are playing a game on a n×mn×m grid, in which the computer has selected some cell (x,y)(x,y) of the grid, and you have to determine which one. To do so, you will choose some
  There're nn robots placed on a number line. Initially, ii-th of them occupies unit segment [xi,xi+1][xi,xi+1]. Each robot has a program, consisting of kk instructions numbered from 11 to kk. The robot performs
  William has two arrays of numbers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an and b1,b2,…,bmb1,b2,…,bm. The arrays satisfy the conditions of being convex. Formally an array cc of length kk is considered convex if ci−ci−1<ci+1−cici−ci−1<ci+1−ci for all ii from
  William has an array of non-negative numbers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. He wants you to find out how many segments l≤rl≤r pass the check. The check is performed in the following manner:   The minimum
  Before becoming a successful trader William got a university degree. During his education an interesting situation happened, after which William started to listen to homework assignments much more attentively. What follows is a
  William arrived at a conference dedicated to cryptocurrencies. Networking, meeting new people, and using friends' connections are essential to stay up to date with the latest news from the world of cryptocurrencies.The conference
  While performing complex market analysis William encountered the following problem:For a given array aa of size nn and a natural number ee, calculate the number of pairs of natural numbers (i,k)(i,k) which satisfy
  Before becoming a successful trader William got a university degree. During his education an interesting situation happened, after which William started to listen to homework assignments much more attentively. What follows is the
  William has array of nn numbers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. He can perform the following sequence of operations any number of times:   Pick any two items from array aiai and ajaj, where aiai must
You are given mm strings and a tree on nn nodes. Each edge has some letter written on it.You have to answer qq queries. Each query is described by 44 integers uu, vv, ll and
For an array cc of nonnegative integers, MEX(c)MEX(c) denotes the smallest nonnegative integer that doesn't appear in it. For example, MEX([0,1,3])=2MEX([0,1,3])=2, MEX([42])=0MEX([42])=0.You are given integers n,kn,k, and an array [b1,b2,…,bn][b1,b2,…,bn].Find the number of arrays [a1,a2,…,an][a1,a2,…,an],
On an endless checkered sheet of paper, nn cells are chosen and colored in three colors, where nn is divisible by 33. It turns out that there are exactly n3n3 marked cells of each of
You are given nn dominoes. Each domino has a left and a right cell. Each cell can be colored either black or white. Some cells are already colored, while some aren't yet.The coloring is said
nn players are playing a game. There are two different maps in the game. For each player, we know his strength on each map. When two players fight on a specific map, the player with
You are given three integers n,a,bn,a,b. Determine if there exists a permutation p1,p2,…,pnp1,p2,…,pn of integers from 11 to nn, such that:There are exactly aa integers ii with 2≤i≤n−12≤i≤n−1 such that pi−1<pi>pi+1pi−1<pi>pi+1 (in other words, there
Given nn, find any array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an of integers such that all of the following conditions hold: 1≤ai≤1091≤ai≤109 for every ii from 11 to nn.a1<a2<…<ana1<a2<…<anFor every ii from 22 to nn, aiai isn't divisible by ai−1ai−1It
The chef has cooked nn dishes yet again: the ii-th dish consists of aiai grams of fish and bibi grams of meat. Banquet organizers consider two dishes ii and jj equal if ai=ajai=aj and bi=bjbi=bj
A known chef has prepared nn dishes: the ii-th dish consists of aiai grams of fish and bibi grams of meat. The banquet organizers estimate the balance of nn dishes as follows. The balance is
The robot is located on a checkered rectangular board of size n×mn×m (nn rows, mm columns). The rows in the board are numbered from 11 to nn from top to bottom, and the columns — from
The robot is located on a checkered rectangular board of size n×mn×m (nn rows, mm columns). The rows in the board are numbered from 11 to nn from top to bottom, and the columns — from
You are given an array of integers aa of length nn. The elements of the array can be either different or the same. Each element of the array is colored either blue or red. There
Yelisey has an array aa of nn integers.If aa has length strictly greater than 11, then Yelisei can apply an operation called minimum extraction to it:   First, Yelisei finds the minimal number mm
The grasshopper is located on the numeric axis at the point with coordinate x0x0.Having nothing else to do he starts jumping between integer points on the axis. Making a jump from a point with coordinate
You are given a keyboard that consists of 2626 keys. The keys are arranged sequentially in one row in a certain order. Each key corresponds to a unique lowercase Latin letter.You have to type the
You are given a tree consisting of nn vertices. Recall that a tree is an undirected connected acyclic graph. The given tree is rooted at the vertex 11.You have to process qq queries. In each
There are nn heroes fighting in the arena. Initially, the ii-th hero has aiai health points.The fight in the arena takes place in several rounds. At the beginning of each round, each alive hero deals
You are given a matrix, consisting of nn rows and mm columns. The jj-th cell of the ii-th row contains an integer aijaij.First, you have to color each row of the matrix either red or
In Berland, nn different types of banknotes are used. Banknotes of the ii-th type have denomination 10ai10ai burles (burles are the currency used in Berland); the denomination of banknotes of the first type is exactly
Berland State University has received a new update for the operating system. Initially it is installed only on the 11-st computer.Update files should be copied to all nn computers. The computers are not connected to
You are given a string ss of length nn consisting of characters a and/or b.Let AB(s)AB⁡(s) be the number of occurrences of string ab in ss as a substring. Analogically, BA(s)BA⁡(s) is the number of
An integer array aa of length nn is said to be a PalindORme if (a1a1 || a2a2 || …… || ai)=(an−i+1ai)=(an−i+1 || …… || an−1an−1 || an)an) for all 1≤i≤n1≤i≤n, where || denotes the bitwise
Jeevan has two arrays aa and bb of size nn. He is fond of performing weird operations on arrays. This time, he comes up with two types of operations:  Choose any ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n) and
Eikooc and Sushi play a game.The game is played on a tree having nn nodes numbered 11 to nn. Recall that a tree having nn nodes is an undirected, connected graph with n−1n−1 edges.They take
Ashish has a string ss of length nn containing only characters 'a', 'b' and 'c'.He wants to find the length of the smallest substring, which satisfies the following conditions:   Length of the substring
Ashish has a binary string ss of length nn that he wants to sort in non-decreasing order.He can perform the following operation:   Choose a subsequence of any length such that its elements are
A number a2a2 is said to be the arithmetic mean of two numbers a1a1 and a3a3, if the following condition holds: a1+a3=2⋅a2a1+a3=2⋅a2. We define an arithmetic mean deviation of three numbers a1a1, a2a2 and a3a3
YouKn0wWho has an integer sequence a1,a2,…ana1,a2,…an. Now he will split the sequence aa into one or more consecutive subarrays so that each element of aa belongs to exactly one subarray. Let kk be the number
Shohag has an integer sequence a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. He can perform the following operation any number of times (possibly, zero):  Select any positive integer kk (it can be different in different operations).  Choose any position
It was October 18, 2017. Shohag, a melancholic soul, made a strong determination that he will pursue Competitive Programming seriously, by heart, because he found it fascinating. Fast forward to 4 years, he is happy
A sequence of integers b1,b2,…,bmb1,b2,…,bm is called good if max(b1,b2,…,bm)⋅min(b1,b2,…,bm)≥b1+b2+…+bmmax(b1,b2,…,bm)⋅min(b1,b2,…,bm)≥b1+b2+…+bm.A sequence of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an is called perfect if every non-empty subsequence of aa is good.YouKn0wWho has two integers nn and MM, MM is prime. Help
For two positive integers ll and rr (l≤rl≤r) let c(l,r)c(l,r) denote the number of integer pairs (i,j)(i,j) such that l≤i≤j≤rl≤i≤j≤r and gcd(i,j)≥lgcd⁡(i,j)≥l. Here, gcd(i,j)gcd⁡(i,j) is the greatest common divisor (GCD) of integers ii and jj.YouKn0wWho
For an array bb of nn integers, the extreme value of this array is the minimum number of times (possibly, zero) the following operation has to be performed to make bb non-decreasing:   Select
YouKn0wWho has two even integers xx and yy. Help him to find an integer nn such that 1≤n≤2⋅10181≤n≤2⋅1018 and nmodx=ymodnnmodx=ymodn. Here, amodbamodb denotes the remainder of aa after division by bb. If there are multiple
YouKn0wWho has an integer sequence a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. He will perform the following operation until the sequence becomes empty: select an index ii such that 1≤i≤|a|1≤i≤|a| and aiai is not divisible by (i+1)(i+1), and erase this element
Black is gifted with a Divine array aa consisting of nn (1≤n≤20001≤n≤2000) integers. Each position in aa has an initial value. After shouting a curse over the array, it becomes angry and starts an unstoppable
You are given a string ss. You need to find two non-empty strings aa and bb such that the following conditions are satisfied:  Strings aa and bb are both subsequences of ss.  For
Integers from 11 to nn (inclusive) were sorted lexicographically (considering integers as strings). As a result, array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an was obtained.Calculate value of (∑ni=1((i−ai)mod998244353))mod109+7(∑i=1n((i−ai)mod998244353))mod109+7.xmodyxmody here means the remainder after division xx by yy. This remainder is
Students of one unknown college don't have PE courses. That's why qq of them decided to visit a gym nearby by themselves. The gym is open for nn days and has a ticket system. At
A group of nn alpinists has just reached the foot of the mountain. The initial difficulty of climbing this mountain can be described as an integer dd.Each alpinist can be described by two integers ss
You are given two arrays of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an and b1,b2,…,bmb1,b2,…,bm.You need to insert all elements of bb into aa in an arbitrary way. As a result you will get an array c1,c2,…,cn+mc1,c2,…,cn+m of size n+mn+m.Note
Frog Gorf is traveling through Swamp kingdom. Unfortunately, after a poor jump, he fell into a well of nn meters depth. Now Gorf is on the bottom of the well and has a long way
You are given array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an, consisting of non-negative integers.Let's define operation of "elimination" with integer parameter kk (1≤k≤n1≤k≤n) as follows:  Choose kk distinct array indices 1≤i1<i2<…<ik≤n1≤i1<i2<…<ik≤n.  Calculate x=ai1 & ai2 & … & aikx=ai1 & ai2 & … & aik, where && denotes the bitwise
You have received data from a Bubble bot. You know your task is to make factory facilities, but before you even start, you need to know how big the factory is and how many rooms
On the great island of Baltia, there live NN people, numbered from 11 to NN. There are exactly MM pairs of people that are friends with each other. The people of Baltia want to organize
Alice and Bob are playing a game. They are given an array AA of length NN. The array consists of integers. They are building a sequence together. In the beginning, the sequence is empty. In
Bob really likes playing with arrays of numbers. That's why for his birthday, his friends bought him a really interesting machine – an array beautifier. The array beautifier takes an array AA consisting of NN
You are given an undirected graph of NN nodes and MM edges, E1,E2,…EME1,E2,…EM.A connected graph is a cactus if each of it's edges belogs to at most one simple cycle. A graph is a desert
This is an interactive problem!As part of your contribution in the Great Bubble War, you have been tasked with finding the newly built enemy fortress. The world you live in is a giant 109×109109×109 grid,
You are given NN points on an infinite plane with the Cartesian coordinate system on it. N−1N−1 points lay on one line, and one point isn't on that line. You are on point KK at
In the year 2420 humans have finally built a colony on Mars thanks to the work of Elon Tusk. There are 109+7109+7 cities arranged in a circle in this colony and none of them are
You are given two integer arrays of length NN, A1A1 and A2A2. You are also given QQ queries of 4 types: 1 k l r x: set Aki:=min(Aki,x)Aki:=min(Aki,x) for each l≤i≤rl≤i≤r.2 k l r x:
There are NN bubbles in a coordinate plane. Bubbles are so tiny that it can be assumed that each bubble is a point (Xi,Yi)(Xi,Yi). QQ Bubble Cup finalists plan to play with the bubbles. Each
Little Johnny Bubbles enjoys spending hours in front of his computer playing video games. His favorite game is Bubble Strike, fast-paced bubble shooting online game for two players.Each game is set in one of the
Alice and Bob always had hard time choosing restaurant for the dinner. Previously they performed Eenie Meenie Miney Mo game, but eventually as their restaurant list grew, they had to create a new game. This
You are given an array AA of length NN weights of masses A1A1, A2A2...ANAN. No two weights have the same mass. You can put every weight on one side of the balance (left or right). You don't have
Let's call a positive integer good if there is no digit 0 in its decimal representation.For an array of a good numbers aa, one found out that the sum of some two neighboring elements is
A bracket sequence is a string containing only characters "(" and ")". A regular bracket sequence (or, shortly, an RBS) is a bracket sequence that can be transformed into a correct arithmetic expression by inserting
You are given a matrix, consisting of nn rows and mm columns. The rows are numbered top to bottom, the columns are numbered left to right.Each cell of the matrix can be either free or
Monocarp is the coach of the Berland State University programming teams. He decided to compose a problemset for a training session for his teams.Monocarp has nn problems that none of his students have seen yet.
Monocarp has got an array aa consisting of nn integers. Let's denote kk as the mathematic mean of these elements (note that it's possible that kk is not an integer). The mathematic mean of an
nn students attended the first meeting of the Berland SU programming course (nn is even). All students will be divided into two groups. Each group will be attending exactly one lesson each week during one
Monocarp is playing a computer game. Now he wants to complete the first level of this game.A level is a rectangular grid of 22 rows and nn columns. Monocarp controls a character, which starts in
Theofanis decided to visit his uncle's farm. There are ss animals and nn animal pens on the farm. For utility purpose, animal pens are constructed in one row.Uncle told Theofanis that a farm is lucky
It is the hard version of the problem. The difference is that in this version, there are nodes with already chosen colors.Theofanis is starving, and he wants to eat his favorite food, sheftalia. However, he
It is the easy version of the problem. The difference is that in this version, there are no nodes with already chosen colors.Theofanis is starving, and he wants to eat his favorite food, sheftalia. However,
Theofanis started playing the new online game called "Among them". However, he always plays with Cypriot players, and they all have the same name: "Andreas" (the most common name in Cyprus).In each game, Theofanis plays
Theofanis has a string s1s2…sns1s2…sn and a character cc. He wants to make all characters of the string equal to cc using the minimum number of operations.In one operation he can choose a number xx
Theofanis really likes sequences of positive integers, thus his teacher (Yeltsa Kcir) gave him a problem about a sequence that consists of only special numbers.Let's call a positive number special if it can be written
Theofanis has a riddle for you and if you manage to solve it, he will give you a Cypriot snack halloumi for free (Cypriot cheese).You are given an integer nn. You need to find two
A sequence of round and square brackets is given. You can change the sequence by performing the following operations:  change the direction of a bracket from opening to closing and vice versa without changing
It is given a non-negative integer xx, the decimal representation of which contains nn digits. You need to color each its digit in red or black, so that the number formed by the red digits
A tree is an undirected connected graph in which there are no cycles. This problem is about non-rooted trees. A leaf of a tree is a vertex that is connected to at most one vertex.The
This problem is a complicated version of D1, but it has significant differences, so read the whole statement.Polycarp has an array of nn (nn is even) integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Polycarp conceived of a positive integer kk.
This problem is a simplified version of D2, but it has significant differences, so read the whole statement.Polycarp has an array of nn (nn is even) integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Polycarp conceived of a positive integer kk.
There are one cat, kk mice, and one hole on a coordinate line. The cat is located at the point 00, the hole is located at the point nn. All mice are located between the
It is given a positive integer nn. In 11 move, one can select any single digit and remove it (i.e. one selects some position in the number and removes the digit located at this position).
The elections in which three candidates participated have recently ended. The first candidate received aa votes, the second one received bb votes, the third one received cc votes. For each candidate, solve the following problem:
The difference between the versions is in the costs of operations. Solution for one version won't work for another!Alice has a grid of size n×mn×m, initially all its cells are colored white. The cell on
The difference between the versions is in the costs of operations. Solution for one version won't work for another!Alice has a grid of size n×mn×m, initially all its cells are colored white. The cell on
Bakry got bored of solving problems related to xor, so he asked you to solve this problem for him.You are given an array aa of nn integers [a1,a2,…,an][a1,a2,…,an].Let's call a subarray al,al+1,al+2,…,aral,al+1,al+2,…,ar good if al&al+1&al+2…&ar>al⊕al+1⊕al+2…⊕aral&al+1&al+2…&ar>al⊕al+1⊕al+2…⊕ar,
This is an interactive problem!In the last regional contest Hemose, ZeyadKhattab and YahiaSherif — members of the team Carpe Diem — did not qualify to ICPC because of some unknown reasons. Hemose was very sad
Bakry faced a problem, but since he's lazy to solve it, he asks for your help.You are given a tree of nn nodes, the ii-th node has value aiai assigned to it for each ii
Hemose was shopping with his friends Samez, AhmedZ, AshrafEzz, TheSawan and O_E in Germany. As you know, Hemose and his friends are problem solvers, so they are very clever. Therefore, they will go to all
One day, Ahmed_Hossam went to Hemose and said "Let's solve a gym contest!". Hemose didn't want to do that, as he was playing Valorant, so he came up with a problem and told it to
You are given an array of integers aa of size nn and a permutation pp of size nn. There are qq queries of three types coming to you:  For given numbers ll and rr,
Omkar is creating a mosaic using colored square tiles, which he places in an n×nn×n grid. When the mosaic is complete, each cell in the grid will have either a glaucous or sinoper tile. However,
Alice and Bob are two poachers who cut trees in a forest.A forest is a set of zero or more trees. A tree is a connected graph without cycles. A rooted tree has a special
You are given an array of nn positive integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Your task is to calculate the number of arrays of nn positive integers b1,b2,…,bnb1,b2,…,bn such that:   1≤bi≤ai1≤bi≤ai for every ii (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n), and 
Petya has a rooted tree with an integer written on each vertex. The vertex 11 is the root. You are to answer some questions about the tree.A tree is a connected graph without cycles. A
Petya has an array of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. He only likes sorted arrays. Unfortunately, the given array could be arbitrary, so Petya wants to sort it.Petya likes to challenge himself, so he wants to sort array
A total of nn depots are located on a number line. Depot ii lies at the point xixi for 1≤i≤n1≤i≤n.You are a salesman with nn bags of goods, attempting to deliver one bag to each
You are given an array aa of length nn.Let's define the eversion operation. Let x=anx=an. Then array aa is partitioned into two parts: left and right. The left part contains the elements of aa that
Petya has got an interesting flower. Petya is a busy person, so he sometimes forgets to water it. You are given nn days from Petya's live and you have to determine what happened with his
You are given nn distinct points p1,p2,…,pnp1,p2,…,pn on the plane and a positive integer RR. Find the number of pairs of indices (i,j)(i,j) such that 1≤i<j≤n1≤i<j≤n, and for every possible kk (1≤k≤n1≤k≤n) the distance from
You are given nn strings s1,s2,…,sns1,s2,…,sn, each consisting of lowercase and uppercase English letters. In addition, it's guaranteed that each character occurs in each string at most twice. Find the longest common subsequence of these
Bob decided to take a break from calculus homework and designed a game for himself. The game is played on a sequence of piles of stones, which can be described with a sequence of integers
This is an interactive problem.Jury initially had a sequence aa of length nn, such that ai=iai=i.The jury chose three integers ii, jj, kk, such that 1≤i<j<k≤n1≤i<j<k≤n, j−i>1j−i>1. After that, Jury reversed subsegments [i,j−1][i,j−1] and [j,k][j,k]
You are given two arrays of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an and b1,b2,…,bnb1,b2,…,bn.Let's define a transformation of the array aa:  Choose any non-negative integer kk such that 0≤k≤n0≤k≤n.  Choose kk distinct array indices 1≤i1<i2<…<ik≤n1≤i1<i2<…<ik≤n.  Add
David was given a red checkered rectangle of size n×mn×m. But he doesn't like it. So David cuts the original or any other rectangle piece obtained during the cutting into two new pieces along the
Ivan decided to prepare for the test on solving integer equations. He noticed that all tasks in the test have the following form:  You are given two positive integers uu and vv, find any
Omkar is hosting tours of his country, Omkarland! There are nn cities in Omkarland, and, rather curiously, there are exactly n−1n−1 bidirectional roads connecting the cities to each other. It is guaranteed that you can
El Psy Kongroo.Omkar is watching Steins;Gate.In Steins;Gate, Okabe Rintarou needs to complete nn tasks (1≤n≤2⋅1051≤n≤2⋅105). Unfortunately, he doesn't know when he needs to complete the tasks.Initially, the time is 00. Time travel will now happen
Even if you just leave them be, they will fall to pieces all by themselves. So, someone has to protect them, right?You find yourself playing with Teucer again in the city of Liyue. As you
She does her utmost to flawlessly carry out a person's last rites and preserve the world's balance of yin and yang.Hu Tao, being the little prankster she is, has tried to scare you with this
It turns out that the meaning of life is a permutation p1,p2,…,pnp1,p2,…,pn of the integers 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n (2≤n≤1002≤n≤100). Omkar, having created all life, knows this permutation, and will allow you to figure it out using some
The problem statement looms below, filling you with determination.Consider a grid in which some cells are empty and some cells are filled. Call a cell in this grid exitable if, starting at that cell, you
Lord Omkar would like to have a tree with nn nodes (3≤n≤1053≤n≤105) and has asked his disciples to construct the tree. However, Lord Omkar has created mm (1≤m<n1≤m<n) restrictions to ensure that the tree will
A bow adorned with nameless flowers that bears the earnest hopes of an equally nameless person.You have obtained the elegant bow known as the Windblume Ode. Inscribed in the weapon is an array of nn
Kuzya started going to school. He was given math homework in which he was given an array aa of length nn and an array of symbols bb of length nn, consisting of symbols '*' and
This is a harder version of the problem with bigger constraints.Korney Korneevich dag up an array aa of length nn. Korney Korneevich has recently read about the operation bitwise XOR, so he wished to experiment
This is an easier version of the problem with smaller constraints.Korney Korneevich dag up an array aa of length nn. Korney Korneevich has recently read about the operation bitwise XOR, so he wished to experiment
Pchelyonok decided to give Mila a gift. Pchelenok has already bought an array aa of length nn, but gifting an array is too common. Instead of that, he decided to gift Mila the segments of
Vupsen and Pupsen were gifted an integer array. Since Vupsen doesn't like the number 00, he threw away all numbers equal to 00 from the array. As a result, he got an array aa of
Grandma Capa has decided to knit a scarf and asked Grandpa Sher to make a pattern for it, a pattern is a string consisting of lowercase English letters. Grandpa Sher wrote a string ss of
Luntik came out for a morning stroll and found an array aa of length nn. He calculated the sum ss of the elements of the array (s=∑ni=1ais=∑i=1nai). Luntik calls a subsequence of the array aa
Luntik has decided to try singing. He has aa one-minute songs, bb two-minute songs and cc three-minute songs. He wants to distribute all songs into two concerts such that every song should be included to
CQXYM wants to create a connected undirected graph with nn nodes and mm edges, and the diameter of the graph must be strictly less than k−1k−1. Also, CQXYM doesn't want a graph that contains self-loops
CQXYM is counting permutations length of 2n2n.A permutation is an array consisting of nn distinct integers from 11 to nn in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4][2,3,1,5,4] is a permutation, but [1,2,2][1,2,2] is not a permutation
XYMXYM and CQXYM will prepare nn problems for Codeforces. The difficulty of the problem ii will be an integer aiai, where ai≥0ai≥0. The difficulty of the problems must satisfy ai+ai+1<mai+ai+1<m (1≤i<n1≤i<n), and a1+an<ma1+an<m, where mm
Because the railway system in Gensokyo is often congested, as an enthusiastic engineer, Kawasiro Nitori plans to construct more railway to ease the congestion.There are nn stations numbered from 11 to nn and mm two-way
Alice has an integer sequence aa of length nn and all elements are different. She will choose a subsequence of aa of length mm, and defines the value of a subsequence ab1,ab2,…,abmab1,ab2,…,abm as ∑i=1m(m⋅abi)−∑i=1m∑j=1mf(min(bi,bj),max(bi,bj)),∑i=1m(m⋅abi)−∑i=1m∑j=1mf(min(bi,bj),max(bi,bj)), where
Kawasiro Nitori is excellent in engineering. Thus she has been appointed to help maintain trains.There are nn models of trains, and Nitori's department will only have at most one train of each model at any
Let c1,c2,…,cnc1,c2,…,cn be a permutation of integers 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n. Consider all subsegments of this permutation containing an integer xx. Given an integer mm, we call the integer xx good if there are exactly mm different values
CQXYM found a rectangle AA of size n×mn×m. There are nn rows and mm columns of blocks. Each block of the rectangle is an obsidian block or empty. CQXYM can change an obsidian block to
You are given nn lengths of segments that need to be placed on an infinite axis with coordinates.The first segment is placed on the axis so that one of its endpoints lies at the point
You are given an array a[0…n−1]=[a0,a1,…,an−1]a[0…n−1]=[a0,a1,…,an−1] of zeroes and ones only. Note that in this problem, unlike the others, the array indexes are numbered from zero, not from one.In one step, the array aa is
In fact, the problems E1 and E2 do not have much in common. You should probably think of them as two separate problems.You are given an integer array a[1…n]=[a1,a2,…,an]a[1…n]=[a1,a2,…,an].Let us consider an empty deque (double-ended
In fact, the problems E1 and E2 do not have much in common. You should probably think of them as two separate problems.A permutation pp of size nn is given. A permutation of size nn
An important meeting is to be held and there are exactly nn people invited. At any moment, any two people can step back and talk in private. The same two people can talk several (as
Casimir has a rectangular piece of paper with a checkered field of size n×mn×m. Initially, all cells of the field are white.Let us denote the cell with coordinates ii vertically and jj horizontally by (i,j)(i,j).
The new generation external memory contains an array of integers a[1…n]=[a1,a2,…,an]a[1…n]=[a1,a2,…,an].This type of memory does not support changing the value of an arbitrary element. Instead, it allows you to cut out any segment of the
Casimir has a string ss which consists of capital Latin letters 'A', 'B', and 'C' only. Each turn he can choose to do one of the two following actions:  he can either erase exactly
This is an interactive problem.In this problem, you need to come up with a strategy for a cooperative game. This game is played by two players. Each player receives 5 cards. Each card has a
In a dream, Lucy found herself in a labyrinth. This labyrinth consists of nn rooms, connected by mm passages (ii-th passage is wiwi cm wide). Each passage can be traversed in both directions. It is
The Kingdom of Islands consists of pp islands. As the king, you rule over the whole kingdom, while each island is ruled over by one or several jarls under your rule. In total, there are
The Just Kingdom is ruled by a king and his nn lords, numbered 11 to nn. Each of the lords is a vassal of some overlord, who might be the king himself, or a different
This is an interactive problem.Your goal is to find a circle on a plane by shooting rays and getting the distance to the circle as a result. Interactor has three hidden integer parameters that are
Helen studies functional programming and she is fascinated with a concept of higher order functions — functions that are taking other functions as parameters. She decides to generalize the concept of the function order and to
The King wants to marry off his daughter, and he wants her husband to have the greatest innate luckiness possible. To find such a person he decided to hold a heads-or-tails tournament. If person AA
Life has been discovered on Venus! What is more, the life forms appear to be convex polygons. An international consortium is designing a probe to send to Venus to take pictures, but they need to
Eonathan Eostar decided to learn the magic of multiprocessor systems. He has a full binary tree of tasks with height hh. In the beginning, there is only one ready task in the tree — the task
A dragon curve is a self-similar fractal curve. In this problem, it is a curve that consists of straight-line segments of the same length connected at right angles. A simple way to construct a dragon
Cactus lady loves her cactuses very much. Especially she likes a small cactus named Cing. Cing can be seen as a connected undirected graph in which every vertex lies on at most one simple cycle.
There are nn villages lying equidistant on a circle in the middle of a thick, impassable forest. From ancient times, it was impossible to move from one village to another, but technical progress has changed
Let us consider the game "Sticky Tetris". In this game, there is a field of n×mn×m squares. Tiles appear on the field and the player can move the tiles. Each tile is a 44-connected set
In optical communication networks, appropriate path planning can improve the utilization of communication resources and bring a smooth communication experience to users. The following figure shows an inter-satellite optical communication network. User messages are sent
Mr. Chanek's city can be represented as a plane. He wants to build a housing complex in the city.There are some telephone poles on the plane, which is represented by a grid aa of size
Mr. Chanek gives you a sequence aa indexed from 11 to nn. Define f(a)f(a) as the number of indices where ai=iai=i. You can pick an element from the current sequence and remove it, then concatenate
Mr. Chanek wants to knit a batik, a traditional cloth from Indonesia. The cloth forms a grid aa with size n×mn×m. There are kk colors, and each cell in the grid can be one of
Mr. Chanek has a new game called Dropping Balls. Initially, Mr. Chanek has a grid aa of size n×mn×mEach cell (x,y)(x,y) contains an integer ax,yax,y denoting the direction of how the ball will move. 
Chanek Jones is back, helping his long-lost relative Indiana Jones, to find a secret treasure in a maze buried below a desert full of illusions.The map of the labyrinth forms a tree with nn rooms
The Winter holiday will be here soon. Mr. Chanek wants to decorate his house's wall with ornaments. The wall can be represented as a binary string aa of length nn. His favorite nephew has another
Mr. Chanek has an array aa of nn integers. The prettiness value of aa is denoted as:∑i=1n∑j=1ngcd(ai,aj)⋅gcd(i,j)∑i=1n∑j=1ngcd(ai,aj)⋅gcd(i,j)where gcd(x,y)gcd(x,y) denotes the greatest common divisor (GCD) of integers xx and yy.In other words, the prettiness value of
A squad of nn warriors is defending a castle from a dragon attack. There are mm barricades between the castle and the dragon.The warriors are numbered from 11 to nn. The ii-th warrior knows kiki
Kotlinforces is a web platfrom that hosts programming competitions.The staff of Kotlinforces is asked to schedule nn programming competitions on the next mm days. Each competition is held in multiple stages; the regulations of the
A regular bracket sequence is a bracket sequence that can be transformed into a correct arithmetic expression by inserting characters "1" and "+" between the original characters of the sequence. For example:  bracket sequences
Kotlin Heroes competition is nearing completion. This time nn programmers took part in the competition. Now organizers are thinking how to entertain spectators as well. One of the possibilities is holding sweepstakes. So for now
Let's say that two strings ss and tt rhyme if both strings have length at least kk, and their last kk characters are equal. For example, if k=3k=3, the strings abcd and cebcd rhyme, the
Alex has bought a new novel that was published in nn volumes. He has read these volumes one by one, and each volume has taken him several (maybe one) full days to read. So, on
Once upon a time, Petya had an array of integers aa of length nn. But over time, the array itself was lost, and only n−1n−1 results of comparisons of neighboring array elements remained. In other
You are given a simple undirected graph with nn vertices, nn is even. You are going to write a letter on each vertex. Each letter should be one of the first kk letters of the
2k2k teams participate in a playoff tournament. The tournament consists of 2k−12k−1 games. They are held as follows: first of all, the teams are split into pairs: team 11 plays against team 22, team 33
There is a city that can be represented as a square grid with corner points in (0,0)(0,0) and (106,106)(106,106).The city has nn vertical and mm horizontal streets that goes across the whole city, i. e. the
nn people gathered to hold a jury meeting of the upcoming competition, the ii-th member of the jury came up with aiai tasks, which they want to share with each other.First, the jury decides on
A chess tournament will be held soon, where nn chess players will take part. Every participant will play one game against every other participant. Each game ends in either a win for one player and
You are given a string ss, consisting of nn letters, each letter is either 'a' or 'b'. The letters in the string are numbered from 11 to nn.s[l;r]s[l;r] is a continuous substring of letters from
Alice has an empty grid with nn rows and mm columns. Some of the cells are marked, and no marked cells are adjacent to the edge of the grid. (Two squares are adjacent if they
Alice has recently received an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an for her birthday! She is very proud of her array, and when she showed her friend Bob the array, he was very happy with her present too!However, soon
On the board, Bob wrote nn positive integers in base 1010 with sum ss (i. e. in decimal numeral system). Alice sees the board, but accidentally interprets the numbers on the board as base-1111 integers and
Alice has just learned addition. However, she hasn't learned the concept of "carrying" fully — instead of carrying to the next column, she carries to the column two columns to the left.For example, the regular way
Alice gave Bob two integers aa and bb (a>0a>0 and b≥0b≥0). Being a curious boy, Bob wrote down an array of non-negative integers with MEXMEX value of all elements equal to aa and XORXOR value
Alice has a grid with 22 rows and nn columns. She fully covers the grid using nn dominoes of size 1×21×2 — Alice may place them vertically or horizontally, and each cell should be covered by
This is an interactive problem.You are given two integers cc and nn. The jury has a randomly generated set AA of distinct positive integers not greater than cc (it is generated from all such possible
You are given an undirected weighted graph, consisting of nn vertices and mm edges.Some queries happen with this graph:  Delete an existing edge from the graph.  Add a non-existing edge to the graph.
There are nn points and mm segments on the coordinate line. The initial coordinate of the ii-th point is aiai. The endpoints of the jj-th segment are ljlj and rjrj — left and right endpoints, respectively.You
A tree is a connected graph without cycles. A rooted tree has a special vertex called the root. The parent of a vertex vv (different from root) is the previous to vv vertex on the
It is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version 1≤n≤3001≤n≤300.In the cinema seats can be represented as the table with nn rows and mm columns. The rows are
It is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version n=1n=1.In the cinema seats can be represented as the table with nn rows and mm columns. The rows are
A binary string is a string that consists of characters 00 and 11. A bi-table is a table that has exactly two rows of equal length, each being a binary string.Let MEXMEX of a bi-table
A binary string is a string that consists of characters 00 and 11.Let MEXMEX of a binary string be the smallest digit among 00, 11, or 22 that does not occur in the string. For
You are given two positive integers nn and ss. Find the maximum possible median of an array of nn non-negative integers (not necessarily distinct), such that the sum of its elements is equal to ss.A
Do you know what tubular bells are? They are a musical instrument made up of cylindrical metal tubes. In an orchestra, tubular bells are used to mimic the ringing of bells.Mike has tubular bells, too!
 Morning desert sun horizonRise above the sands of time...Fates Warning, "Exodus"After crossing the Windswept Wastes, Ori has finally reached the Windtorn Ruins to find the Heart of the Forest! However, the ancient repository containing
This is the hard version of the problem. The difference between the versions is that the hard version does require you to output the numbers of the rods to be removed. You can make hacks
This is the easy version of the problem. The difference between the versions is that the easy version does not require you to output the numbers of the rods to be removed. You can make
 Frodo was caught by Saruman. He tore a pouch from Frodo's neck, shook out its contents —there was a pile of different rings: gold and silver..."How am I to tell which is the One?!" the
During the hypnosis session, Nicholas suddenly remembered a positive integer nn, which doesn't contain zeros in decimal notation. Soon, when he returned home, he got curious: what is the maximum number of digits that can
You are given two integers ll and rr, l≤rl≤r. Find the largest possible value of amodbamodb over all pairs (a,b)(a,b) of integers for which r≥a≥b≥lr≥a≥b≥l.As a reminder, amodbamodb is a remainder we get when dividing
This version of the problem differs from the next one only in the constraint on nn.Note that the memory limit in this problem is lower than in others.You have a vertical strip with nn cells,
In a certain video game, the player controls a hero characterized by a single integer value: power. The hero will have to beat monsters that are also characterized by a single integer value: armor.On the
You have a permutation: an array a=[a1,a2,…,an]a=[a1,a2,…,an] of distinct integers from 11 to nn. The length of the permutation nn is odd.Consider the following algorithm of sorting the permutation in increasing order.A helper procedure of
It is a complicated version of problem F1. The difference between them is the constraints (F1: k≤2k≤2, F2: k≤10k≤10).You are given an integer nn. Find the minimum integer xx such that x≥nx≥n and the number
It is a simplified version of problem F2. The difference between them is the constraints (F1: k≤2k≤2, F2: k≤10k≤10).You are given an integer nn. Find the minimum integer xx such that x≥nx≥n and the number
Polycarp has a string ss. Polycarp performs the following actions until the string ss is empty (tt is initially an empty string):  he adds to the right to the string tt the string ss,
You are given an integer nn. In 11 move, you can do one of the following actions:  erase any digit of the number (it's acceptable that the number before the operation has exactly one
Polycarp has found a table having an infinite number of rows and columns. The rows are numbered from 11, starting from the topmost one. The columns are numbered from 11, starting from the leftmost one.Initially,
Some number of people (this number is even) have stood in a circle. The people stand in the circle evenly. They are numbered clockwise starting from a person with the number 11. Each person is
Polycarp doesn't like integers that are divisible by 33 or end with the digit 33 in their decimal representation. Integers that meet both conditions are disliked by Polycarp, too.Polycarp starts to write out the positive
Mocha wants to be an astrologer. There are nn stars which can be seen in Zhijiang, and the brightness of the ii-th star is aiai. Mocha considers that these nn stars form a constellation, and
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the two versions is the constraint on nn. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.A forest is
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference between the two versions is the constraint on nn. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.A forest is
The city where Mocha lives in is called Zhijiang. There are n+1n+1 villages and 2n−12n−1 directed roads in this city. There are two kinds of roads:  n−1n−1 roads are from village ii to village
As their story unravels, a timeless tale is told once again...Shirahime, a friend of Mocha's, is keen on playing the music game Arcaea and sharing Mocha interesting puzzles to solve. This day, Shirahime comes up
Mocha is a young girl from high school. She has learned so much interesting knowledge from her teachers, especially her math teacher. Recently, Mocha is learning about binary system and very interested in bitwise operation.This
You have a permutation: an array a=[a1,a2,…,an]a=[a1,a2,…,an] of distinct integers from 11 to nn. The length of the permutation nn is odd.Consider the following algorithm of sorting the permutation in increasing order.A helper procedure of
In a certain video game, the player controls a hero characterized by a single integer value: power.On the current level, the hero got into a system of nn caves numbered from 11 to nn, and
Consider the insertion sort algorithm used to sort an integer sequence [a1,a2,…,an][a1,a2,…,an] of length nn in non-decreasing order.For each ii in order from 22 to nn, do the following. If ai≥ai−1ai≥ai−1, do nothing and move
You have a permutation: an array a=[a1,a2,…,an]a=[a1,a2,…,an] of distinct integers from 11 to nn. The length of the permutation nn is odd.You need to sort the permutation in increasing order.In one step, you can choose
Note that the memory limit in this problem is lower than in others.You have a vertical strip with nn cells, numbered consecutively from 11 to nn from top to bottom.You also have a token that
Alice and Borys are playing tennis.A tennis match consists of games. In each game, one of the players is serving and the other one is receiving.Players serve in turns: after a game where Alice is
This is an interactive problem.ICPC Assiut Community decided to hold a unique chess contest, and you were chosen to control a queen and hunt down the hidden king, while a member of ICPC Assiut Community
Moamen was drawing a grid of nn rows and 109109 columns containing only digits 00 and 11. Ezzat noticed what Moamen was drawing and became interested in the minimum number of rows one needs to
Moamen and Ezzat are playing a game. They create an array aa of nn non-negative integers where every element is less than 2k2k.Moamen wins if a1&a2&a3&…&an≥a1⊕a2⊕a3⊕…⊕ana1&a2&a3&…&an≥a1⊕a2⊕a3⊕…⊕an.Here && denotes the bitwise AND operation, and ⊕⊕ denotes
Moamen has an array of nn distinct integers. He wants to sort that array in non-decreasing order by doing the following operations in order exactly once:  Split the array into exactly kk non-empty subarrays
Ezzat has an array of nn integers (maybe negative). He wants to split it into two non-empty subsequences aa and bb, such that every element from the array belongs to exactly one subsequence, and the
  William really likes puzzle kits. For one of his birthdays, his friends gifted him a complete undirected edge-weighted graph consisting of nn vertices.He wants to build a spanning tree of this graph, such
  As mentioned previously William really likes playing video games. In one of his favorite games, the player character is in a universe where every planet is designated by a binary number from 00
  William is not only interested in trading but also in betting on sports matches. nn teams participate in each match. Each team is characterized by strength aiai. Each two teams i<ji<j play with
  William has two arrays aa and bb, each consisting of nn items.For some segments l..rl..r of these arrays William wants to know if it is possible to equalize the values of items in
  This is an interactive taskWilliam has a certain sequence of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an in his mind, but due to security concerns, he does not want to reveal it to you completely. William is ready
  William has a favorite bracket sequence. Since his favorite sequence is quite big he provided it to you as a sequence of positive integers c1,c2,…,cnc1,c2,…,cn where cici is the number of consecutive brackets
  William has an array of nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. In one move he can swap two neighboring items. Two items aiai and ajaj are considered neighboring if the condition |i−j|=1|i−j|=1 is satisfied.William wants you
  William has two numbers aa and bb initially both equal to zero. William mastered performing three different operations with them quickly. Before performing each operation some positive integer kk is picked, which is
You have an undirected graph consisting of nn vertices with weighted edges.A simple cycle is a cycle of the graph without repeated vertices. Let the weight of the cycle be the XOR of weights of
You are given nn segments on a number line, numbered from 11 to nn. The ii-th segments covers all integer points from lili to riri and has a value wiwi.You are asked to select a
Let's call the string beautiful if it does not contain a substring of length at least 22, which is a palindrome. Recall that a palindrome is a string that reads the same way from the
Alice and Bob are playing a game on a matrix, consisting of 22 rows and mm columns. The cell in the ii-th row in the jj-th column contains ai,jai,j coins in it.Initially, both Alice and
You have an axis-aligned rectangle room with width WW and height HH, so the lower left corner is in point (0,0)(0,0) and the upper right corner is in (W,H)(W,H).There is a rectangular table standing in
PizzaForces is Petya's favorite pizzeria. PizzaForces makes and sells pizzas of three sizes: small pizzas consist of 66 slices, medium ones consist of 88 slices, and large pizzas consist of 1010 slices each. Baking them
You are given a tree with nn nodes. As a reminder, a tree is a connected undirected graph without cycles.Let a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an be a sequence of integers. Perform the following operation exactly nn times:  
You are given an integer nn. Find any string ss of length nn consisting only of English lowercase letters such that each non-empty substring of ss occurs in ss an odd number of times. If
You are given two integers nn and mm. Find the MEXMEX of the sequence n⊕0,n⊕1,…,n⊕mn⊕0,n⊕1,…,n⊕m. Here, ⊕⊕ is the bitwise XOR operator.MEXMEX of the sequence of non-negative integers is the smallest non-negative integer that doesn't
You are given nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an and an integer kk. Find the maximum value of i⋅j−k⋅(ai|aj)i⋅j−k⋅(ai|aj) over all pairs (i,j)(i,j) of integers with 1≤i<j≤n1≤i<j≤n. Here, || is the bitwise OR operator. InputThe first line contains
You are given nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Find the maximum value of max(al,al+1,…,ar)⋅min(al,al+1,…,ar)max(al,al+1,…,ar)⋅min(al,al+1,…,ar) over all pairs (l,r)(l,r) of integers for which 1≤l<r≤n1≤l<r≤n. InputThe first line contains a single integer tt (1≤t≤100001≤t≤10000)  — the number of test
For a permutation pp of numbers 11 through nn, we define a stair array aa as follows: aiai is length of the longest segment of permutation which contains position ii and is made of consecutive
You are given an array aa consisting of nn distinct elements and an integer kk. Each element in the array is a non-negative integer not exceeding 2k−12k−1.Let's define the XOR distance for a number xx
Consider a sequence of distinct integers a1,…,ana1,…,an, each representing one node of a graph. There is an edge between two nodes if the two values are not coprime, i. e. they have a common divisor greater
You have an array aa consisting of nn distinct positive integers, numbered from 11 to nn. Define pkpk as pk=∑1≤i,j≤kaimodaj,pk=∑1≤i,j≤kaimodaj, where xmodyxmody denotes the remainder when xx is divided by yy. You have to find
An identity permutation of length nn is an array [1,2,3,…,n][1,2,3,…,n].We performed the following operations to an identity permutation of length nn:  firstly, we cyclically shifted it to the right by kk positions, where kk
You are given two strings ss and tt, both consisting of lowercase English letters. You are going to type the string ss character by character, from the first character to the last one.When typing a
Consider a simplified penalty phase at the end of a football match.A penalty phase consists of at most 1010 kicks, the first team takes the first kick, the second team takes the second kick, then
You have a string ss and a chip, which you can place onto any character of this string. After placing the chip, you move it to the right several (maybe zero) times, i. e. you perform
Let's define S(x)S(x) to be the sum of digits of number xx written in decimal system. For example, S(5)=5S(5)=5, S(10)=1S(10)=1, S(322)=7S(322)=7.We will call an integer xx interesting if S(x+1)<S(x)S(x+1)<S(x). In each test you will be
You are the organizer of the famous "Zurich Music Festival". There will be nn singers who will perform at the festival, identified by the integers 11, 22, ……, nn. You must choose in which order
Let us call a point of the plane admissible if its coordinates are positive integers less than or equal to 200200.There is an invisible rectangle such that:   its vertices are all admissible; 
Andrea has come up with what he believes to be a novel sorting algorithm for arrays of length nn. The algorithm works as follows.Initially there is an array of nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Then, kk steps
An ant moves on the real line with constant speed of 11 unit per second. It starts at 00 and always moves to the right (so its position increases by 11 each second).There are nn
The numbers 1,2,…,n⋅k1,2,…,n⋅k are colored with nn colors. These colors are indexed by 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n. For each 1≤i≤n1≤i≤n, there are exactly kk numbers colored with color ii.Let [a,b][a,b] denote the interval of integers between aa and
You are given a sequence of nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an.Does there exist a sequence of nn integers b1,b2,…,bnb1,b2,…,bn such that the following property holds?  For each 1≤i≤n1≤i≤n, there exist two (not necessarily distinct) indices jj
On a circle lie 2n2n distinct points, with the following property: however you choose 33 chords that connect 33 disjoint pairs of points, no point strictly inside the circle belongs to all 33 chords. The
The Olympic Games have just started and Federico is eager to watch the marathon race.There will be nn athletes, numbered from 11 to nn, competing in the marathon, and all of them have taken part
A string ss of length nn, consisting of lowercase letters of the English alphabet, is given.You must choose some number kk between 00 and nn. Then, you select kk characters of ss and permute them
A tree is an undirected connected graph without cycles.You are given a tree of nn vertices. Find the number of ways to choose exactly kk vertices in this tree (i. e. a kk-element subset of vertices)
Consider a sequence of integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. In one move, you can select any element of the sequence and delete it. After an element is deleted, all elements to the right are shifted to the left
The only difference between this problem and D1 is that you don't have to provide the way to construct the answer in D1, but you have to do it in this problem.There's a table of
The only difference between this problem and D2 is that you don't have to provide the way to construct the answer in this problem, but you have to do it in D2.There's a table of
Stephen Queen wants to write a story. He is a very unusual writer, he uses only letters 'a', 'b', 'c', 'd' and 'e'!To compose a story, Stephen wrote out nn words consisting of the first
This problem is an extension of the problem "Wonderful Coloring - 1". It has quite many differences, so you should read this statement completely.Recently, Paul and Mary have found a new favorite sequence of integers
This is a simplified version of the problem B2. Perhaps you should read the problem B2 before you start solving B1.Paul and Mary have a favorite string ss which consists of lowercase letters of the
Polycarp must pay exactly nn burles at the checkout. He has coins of two nominal values: 11 burle and 22 burles. Polycarp likes both kinds of coins equally. So he doesn't want to pay with
There is an infinite pond that can be represented with a number line. There are nn rocks in the pond, numbered from 11 to nn. The ii-th rock is located at an integer coordinate aiai.
You are given a string ss of length nn. Each character is either one of the first kk lowercase Latin letters or a question mark.You are asked to replace every question mark with one of
Let's call an integer array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an good if ai≠iai≠i for each ii.Let F(a)F(a) be the number of pairs (i,j)(i,j) (1≤i<j≤n1≤i<j≤n) such that ai+aj=i+jai+aj=i+j.Let's say that an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an is excellent if:   aa is
Suppose you have two points p=(xp,yp)p=(xp,yp) and q=(xq,yq)q=(xq,yq). Let's denote the Manhattan distance between them as d(p,q)=|xp−xq|+|yp−yq|d(p,q)=|xp−xq|+|yp−yq|.Let's say that three points pp, qq, rr form a bad triple if d(p,r)=d(p,q)+d(q,r)d(p,r)=d(p,q)+d(q,r).Let's say that an array b1,b2,…,bmb1,b2,…,bm
You are given a string ss of length nn consisting only of the characters 0 and 1.You perform the following operation until the string becomes empty: choose some consecutive substring of equal characters, erase it
Let's call an array aa consisting of nn positive (greater than 00) integers beautiful if the following condition is held for every ii from 11 to nn: either ai=1ai=1, or at least one of the
There is a chessboard of size nn by nn. The square in the ii-th row from top and jj-th column from the left is labelled (i,j)(i,j).Currently, Gregor has some pawns in the nn-th row. There
Gregor is learning about RSA cryptography, and although he doesn't understand how RSA works, he is now fascinated with prime numbers and factoring them.Gregor's favorite prime number is PP. Gregor wants to find two bases
Two painters, Amin and Benj, are repainting Gregor's living room ceiling! The ceiling can be modeled as an n×mn×m grid.For each ii between 11 and nn, inclusive, painter Amin applies aiai layers of paint to
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference from the easy version is that in this version the coordinates can be both odd and even.There are nn fence-posts at distinct coordinates on
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference from the hard version is that in this version all coordinates are even.There are nn fence-posts at distinct coordinates on a plane. It is
Three little pigs from all over the world are meeting for a convention! Every minute, a triple of 3 new pigs arrives on the convention floor. After the nn-th minute, the convention ends.The big bad
British mathematician John Littlewood once said about Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan that "every positive integer was one of his personal friends."It turns out that positive integers can also be friends with each other! You are
When you play the game of thrones, you win, or you die. There is no middle ground.Cersei Lannister, A Game of Thrones by George R. R. MartinThere are nn nobles, numbered from 11 to nn. Noble
You are given a directed graph GG which can contain loops (edges from a vertex to itself). Multi-edges are absent in GG which means that for all ordered pairs (u,v)(u,v) exists at most one edge
You are given an array of positive integers a=[a0,a1,…,an−1]a=[a0,a1,…,an−1] (n≥2n≥2).In one step, the array aa is replaced with another array of length nn, in which each element is the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two
On a strip of land of length nn there are kk air conditioners: the ii-th air conditioner is placed in cell aiai (1≤ai≤n1≤ai≤n). Two or more air conditioners cannot be placed in the same cell
A sequence of non-negative integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an is called growing if for all ii from 11 to n−1n−1 all ones (of binary representation) in aiai are in the places of ones (of binary representation) in ai+1ai+1
Monocarp and Polycarp are learning new programming techniques. Now they decided to try pair programming.It's known that they have worked together on the same file for n+mn+m minutes. Every minute exactly one of them made
A string ss of length nn (1≤n≤261≤n≤26) is called alphabetical if it can be obtained using the following algorithm:  first, write an empty string to ss (i.e. perform the assignment ss := "");  then
There are three cells on an infinite 2-dimensional grid, labeled AA, BB, and FF. Find the length of the shortest path from AA to BB if:   in one move you can go to
AquaMoon had nn strings of length mm each. nn is an odd number.When AquaMoon was gone, Cirno tried to pair these nn strings together. After making n−12n−12 pairs, she found out that there was exactly
AquaMoon and Cirno are playing an interesting game with arrays. Cirno has prepared two arrays aa and bb, both consist of nn non-negative integers. AquaMoon can perform the following operation an arbitrary number of times
AquaMoon has three integer arrays aa, bb, cc of length nn, where 1≤ai,bi,ci≤n1≤ai,bi,ci≤n for all ii.In order to accelerate her potato farming, she organizes her farm in a manner based on these three arrays. She
Note that the differences between easy and hard versions are the constraints on nn and the time limit. You can make hacks only if both versions are solved.AquaMoon knew through foresight that some ghosts wanted
Note that the differences between easy and hard versions are the constraints on nn and the time limit. You can make hacks only if both versions are solved.AquaMoon knew through foresight that some ghosts wanted
Cirno gives AquaMoon a problem. There are mm people numbered from 00 to m−1m−1. They are standing on a coordinate axis in points with positive integer coordinates. They are facing right (i.e. in the direction
Cirno has prepared nn arrays of length nn each. Each array is a permutation of nn integers from 11 to nn. These arrays are special: for all 1≤i≤n1≤i≤n, if we take the ii-th element of
Cirno gave AquaMoon a chessboard of size 1×n1×n. Its cells are numbered with integers from 11 to nn from left to right. In the beginning, some of the cells are occupied with at most one
AquaMoon has nn friends. They stand in a row from left to right, and the ii-th friend from the left wears a T-shirt with a number aiai written on it. Each friend has a direction
Finally, you have defeated Razor and now, you are the Most Wanted street racer. Sergeant Cross has sent the full police force after you in a deadly pursuit. Fortunately, you have found a hiding spot
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that here 2≤k≤1002≤k≤100. You can make hacks only if both the versions of the problem are solved.This is an interactive problem!Every decimal number
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is that here k=2k=2. You can make hacks only if both the versions of the problem are solved.This is an interactive problem.Every decimal number
After defeating a Blacklist Rival, you get a chance to draw 11 reward slip out of xx hidden valid slips. Initially, x=3x=3 and these hidden valid slips are Cash Slip, Impound Strike Release Marker and
Highway 201 is the most busy street in Rockport. Traffic cars cause a lot of hindrances to races, especially when there are a lot of them. The track which passes through this highway can be
Welcome to Rockport City!It is time for your first ever race in the game against Ronnie. To make the race interesting, you have bet aa dollars and Ronnie has bet bb dollars. But the fans
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the easy version and the hard version is the constraints on nn. You can only make hacks if both versions are solved.A permutation
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference between the easy version and the hard version is the constraints on nn. You can only make hacks if both versions are solved.A permutation
You are given a sequence AA, where its elements are either in the form + x or -, where xx is an integer.For such a sequence SS where its elements are either in the form
Let f(i)f(i) denote the minimum positive integer xx such that xx is not a divisor of ii.Compute ∑ni=1f(i)∑i=1nf(i) modulo 109+7109+7. In other words, compute f(1)+f(2)+⋯+f(n)f(1)+f(2)+⋯+f(n) modulo 109+7109+7. InputThe first line contains a single integer tt
There is an infinite set generated as follows:  11 is in this set.  If xx is in this set, x⋅ax⋅a and x+bx+b both are in this set. For example, when a=3a=3 and b=6b=6,
You are given a multiset (i. e. a set that can contain multiple equal integers) containing 2n2n integers. Determine if you can split it into exactly nn pairs (i. e. each element should be in exactly one
You are given an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an consisting of nn distinct integers. Count the number of pairs of indices (i,j)(i,j) such that i<ji<j and ai⋅aj=i+jai⋅aj=i+j. InputThe first line contains one integer tt (1≤t≤1041≤t≤104) — the number of
There are nn cats in a line, labeled from 11 to nn, with the ii-th cat at position ii. They are bored of gyrating in the same spot all day, so they want to reorder
Note that the memory limit is unusual.There are nn chefs numbered 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n that must prepare dishes for a king. Chef ii has skill ii and initially has a dish of tastiness aiai where |ai|≤i|ai|≤i. Each
You were playing with permutation pp of length nn, but you lost it in Blair, Alabama!Luckily, you remember some information about the permutation. More specifically, you remember an array bb of length nn, where bibi
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version 1≤q≤1051≤q≤105. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.There is a process that takes
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version q=1q=1. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.There is a process that takes
You are given a tree consisting of nn nodes. You generate an array from the tree by marking nodes one by one.Initially, when no nodes are marked, a node is equiprobably chosen and marked from
Farmer John has a farm that consists of nn pastures connected by one-directional roads. Each road has a weight, representing the time it takes to go from the start to the end of the road.
Vasya has an array of nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Vasya thinks that all numbers in his array are strange for some reason. To calculate how strange the ii-th number is, Vasya created the following algorithm.He chooses
The Alice's computer is broken, so she can't play her favorite card game now. To help Alice, Bob wants to answer nn her questions. Initially, Bob holds one card with number 00 in the left
Lena is the most economical girl in Moscow. So, when her dad asks her to buy some food for a trip to the country, she goes to the best store  — "PriceFixed". Here are some
There are nn students numerated from 11 to nn. The level of the ii-th student is aiai. You need to split the students into stable groups. A group of students is called stable, if in
Petya once wrote a sad love song and shared it to Vasya. The song is a string consisting of lowercase English letters. Vasya made up qq questions about this song. Each question is about a
There are nn people participating in some contest, they start participating in xx minutes intervals. That means the first participant starts at time 00, the second participant starts at time xx, the third — at time
Polycarp has xx of red and yy of blue candies. Using them, he wants to make gift sets. Each gift set contains either aa red candies and bb blue candies, or aa blue candies and
You are given two integers ll and rr, where l<rl<r. We will add 11 to ll until the result is equal to rr. Thus, there will be exactly r−lr−l additions performed. For each such addition,
Polycarp came up with a new programming language. There are only two types of statements in it:   "x := s": assign the variable named x the value s (where s is a string).
You are given two integers aa and bb. In one turn, you can do one of the following operations:   Take an integer cc (c>1c>1 and aa should be divisible by cc) and replace
You are given an array aa of nn integers. Find the number of pairs (i,j)(i,j) (1≤i<j≤n1≤i<j≤n) where the sum of ai+ajai+aj is greater than or equal to ll and less than or equal to rr
Polycarp has nn friends, the ii-th of his friends has aiai candies. Polycarp's friends do not like when they have different numbers of candies. In other words they want all aiai to be the same.
Polycarp is playing a new computer game. This game has nn stones in a row. The stone on the position ii has integer power aiai. The powers of all stones are distinct.Each turn Polycarp can
You have a connected undirected graph made of nn nodes and mm edges. The ii-th node has a value vivi and a target value titi.In an operation, you can choose an edge (i,j)(i,j) and add
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is the constraints on nn and kk. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.You have a string ss,
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is the constraints on nn and kk. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.You have a string ss,
Alice and Bob are playing a game. They start with a positive integer nn and take alternating turns doing operations on it. Each turn a player can subtract from nn one of its divisors that
You are a game designer and want to make an obstacle course. The player will walk from left to right. You have nn heights of mountains already selected and want to arrange them so that
Riley is a very bad boy, but at the same time, he is a yo-yo master. So, he decided to use his yo-yo skills to annoy his friend Anton.Anton's room can be represented as a
An array bb of length kk is called good if its arithmetic mean is equal to 11. More formally, if b1+⋯+bkk=1.b1+⋯+bkk=1.Note that the value b1+⋯+bkkb1+⋯+bkk is not rounded up or down. For example, the array
Omkar and Akmar are playing a game on a circular board with nn (2≤n≤1062≤n≤106) cells. The cells are numbered from 11 to nn so that for each ii (1≤i≤n−11≤i≤n−1) cell ii is adjacent to cell
Omkar's most recent follower, Ajit, has entered the Holy Forest. Ajit realizes that Omkar's forest is an nn by mm grid (1≤n,m≤20001≤n,m≤2000) of some non-negative integers. Since the forest is blessed by Omkar, it satisfies
Uh oh! Ray lost his array yet again! However, Omkar might be able to help because he thinks he has found the OmkArray of Ray's array. The OmkArray of an array aa with elements a1,a2,…,a2k−1a1,a2,…,a2k−1,
The tycoon of a winery empire in Mondstadt, unmatched in every possible way. A thinker in the Knights of Favonius with an exotic appearance.This time, the brothers are dealing with a strange piece of wood
I, Fischl, Prinzessin der Verurteilung, descend upon this land by the call of fate an — Oh, you are also a traveler from another world? Very well, I grant you permission to travel with me.It
Omkar has received a message from Anton saying "Your story for problem A is confusing. Just make a formal statement." Because of this, Omkar gives you an array a=[a1,a2,…,an]a=[a1,a2,…,an] of nn distinct integers. An array
Suppose you are given two strings aa and bb. You can apply the following operation any number of times: choose any contiguous substring of aa or bb, and sort the characters in it in non-descending
You are given a rooted tree. Each vertex contains aiai tons of gold, which costs cici per one ton. Initially, the tree consists only a root numbered 00 with a0a0 tons of gold and price
2k2k teams participate in a playoff tournament. The tournament consists of 2k−12k−1 games. They are held as follows: first of all, the teams are split into pairs: team 11 plays against team 22, team 33
You are given a string ss consisting of the characters 0, 1, and ?.Let's call a string unstable if it consists of the characters 0 and 1 and any two adjacent characters are different (i. e.
You are given an array aa consisting of nn integers.Let's call a pair of indices ii, jj good if 1≤i<j≤n1≤i<j≤n and gcd(ai,2aj)>1gcd(ai,2aj)>1 (where gcd(x,y)gcd(x,y) is the greatest common divisor of xx and yy).Find the maximum
Four players participate in the playoff tournament. The tournament is held according to the following scheme: the first player will play with the second, and the third player with the fourth, then the winners of
This is an interactive problem.As he qualified for IOI this year, Little Ericyi was given a gift from all his friends: a tree of nn nodes!On the flight to IOI Little Ericyi was very bored,
Annie has gotten bored of winning every coding contest and farming unlimited rating. Today, she is going to farm potatoes instead.Annie's garden is an infinite 2D plane. She has nn potatoes to plant, and the
This is the hard version of the problem. The difference between the versions is the constraints on aiai. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.Little Dormi has recently received
This is the easy version of the problem. The difference between the versions is the constraints on aiai. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.Little Dormi has recently received
This is an interactive problem.Note: the XOR-sum of an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an (1≤ai≤1091≤ai≤109) is defined as a1⊕a2⊕…⊕ana1⊕a2⊕…⊕an, where ⊕⊕ denotes the bitwise XOR operation.Little Dormi received an array of nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an for Christmas. However, while
This is an interactive problem.Little Dormi was faced with an awkward problem at the carnival: he has to guess the edges of an unweighted tree of nn nodes! The nodes of the tree are numbered
When he's not training for IOI, Little Alawn enjoys playing with puzzles of various types to stimulate his brain. Today, he's playing with a puzzle that consists of a 2×n2×n grid where each row is
Little Dormi received a histogram with nn bars of height a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an for Christmas. However, the more he played with his new histogram, the more he realized its imperfections, so today he wanted to modify it
Today we will be playing a red and white colouring game (no, this is not the Russian Civil War; these are just the colours of the Canadian flag).You are given an n×mn×m grid of "R",
There is an infinite chessboard, divided into cells. The cell (x,y)(x,y) is the cell on the intersection of the xixi-th row and yiyi-th column. nn black pawns are placed on the board, the ii-th black
Irina works in an excursion company in Saratov. Today, she is going to organize excursions in the cities of Saratov and Engels.There are n1n1 sights in Saratov and n2n2 sights in Engels. The cities are
You are given matrix ss that contains nn rows and mm columns. Each element of a matrix is one of the 55 first Latin letters (in upper case).For each kk (1≤k≤51≤k≤5) calculate the number of
Polycarp decided to generate a biome map for his game. A map is a matrix divided into cells 1×11×1. Each cell of the map must contain one of the available biomes.Each biome is defined by
Let's call a string tt consisting of characters 0 and/or 1 beautiful, if either the number of occurrences of character 0 in this string does not exceed kk, or the number of occurrences of characters
Polycarp is coaching a team for an upcoming game at the chess tournament. A complete team for the tournament should consist of n+1n+1 members.There are nn members in his team, the ii-th member's skill value
You are given an array ss consisting of nn different strings. Each string consists of mm lowercase Latin letters.You have to respond to qq queries. Each query contains a string tt of length m+1m+1. Count
Anya came to her friend's birthday party. There are nn delicious sweets on a circle table (for convenience, we will number them from 11 to nn in clockwise direction). For each of the sweets, it
Your friend has created a nearest point function. For a given array of integer points xx (sorted in ascending order, without any duplicates) and a point yy it can find the nearest point from xx
Vika has decided to go on a trip to Bertown. She comes to Bertown on the kk-th day. Vika does not want to spend money on hotels, fortunately she has nn friends who live in
Ivan wants to play a game with you. He picked some string ss of length nn consisting only of lowercase Latin letters. You don't know this string. Ivan has informed you about all its improper
Let's call an array good if there is an element in the array that equals to the sum of all other elements. For example, the array a=[1,3,3,7]a=[1,3,3,7] is good because there is the element a4=7a4=7
There are nn students in a university. The number of students is even. The ii-th student has programming skill equal to aiai. The coach wants to form n2n2 teams. Each team should consist of exactly
You are given two integers nn and kk.Your task is to construct such a string ss of length nn that for each ii from 11 to kk there is at least one ii-th letter of
A frog is currently at the point 00 on a coordinate axis OxOx. It jumps by the following algorithm: the first jump is aa units to the right, the second jump is bb units to
You are given two integers aa and bb. Print a+ba+b. InputThe first line contains an integer tt (1≤t≤1041≤t≤104) — the number of test cases in the input. Then tt test cases follow.Each test case is
Рассмотрим следующий код сортировки слиянием на языке Python: def sort(a):  n = len(a)  b = [0 for i in range(n)]  log = []  def mergeSort(l, r):    if r
Рассмотрим следующий код сортировки слиянием на языке Python: def sort(a):  n = len(a)  b = [0 for i in range(n)]  log = []  def mergeSort(l, r):    if r
Рассмотрим следующий код сортировки слиянием на языке Python: def sort(a):  n = len(a)  b = [0 for i in range(n)]  log = []  def mergeSort(l, r):    if r
Немногие знают, что сотрудники ВКонтакте могут менять цвет подсветки в куполе знаменитого Дома Зингера, где расположена штаб-квартира ВКонтакте. Для этого нужно всего лишь отправить сообщение с цветом в специальный чат «Зингер | color», а бот
Все готовятся к VK Fest 2021! Для того, чтобы зрителям была лучше видна главная сцена, планируется построить амфитеатр. В этой задаче мы будем рассматривать его сбоку — схематично он будет иметь форму лестницы из nn одинаковых
ВКонтакте открыла второй штаб в Санкт-Петербурге! Вы не преминули возможностью сменить обстановку и решили переехать из офиса в Доме Зингера в офис на Красном мосту.Для комфортной работы вам потребуются два монитора с одинаковой высотой, чтобы
ВКонтакте открыла второй штаб в Санкт-Петербурге! Вы не преминули возможностью сменить обстановку и решили переехать из офиса в Доме Зингера в офис на Красном мосту.Для комфортной работы вам потребуются два монитора с одинаковой высотой, чтобы
Немногие знают, что сотрудники ВКонтакте могут менять цвет подсветки в куполе знаменитого Дома Зингера, где расположена штаб-квартира ВКонтакте. Для этого нужно всего лишь отправить сообщение с цветом в специальный чат «Зингер | color», а бот
Alan Turing is standing on a tape divided into cells that is infinite in both directions.Cells are numbered with consecutive integers from left to right. Alan is initially standing in cell 00. Every cell xx
You have two strings aa and bb of equal length nn consisting of characters 0 and 1, and an integer kk.You need to make strings aa and bb equal.In one step, you can choose any
Getting ready for VK Fest 2021, you prepared a table with nn rows and nn columns, and filled each cell of this table with some event related with the festival that could either happen or
Prefix function of string t=t1t2…tnt=t1t2…tn and position ii in it is defined as the length kk of the longest proper (not equal to the whole substring) prefix of substring t1t2…tit1t2…ti which is also a suffix
Every December, VK traditionally holds an event for its employees named "Secret Santa". Here's how it happens.nn employees numbered from 11 to nn take part in the event. Each employee ii is assigned a different
You and your friend Ilya are participating in an individual programming contest consisting of multiple stages. A contestant can get between 00 and 100100 points, inclusive, for each stage, independently of other contestants.Points received by
To celebrate your birthday you have prepared a festive table! Now you want to seat as many guests as possible.The table can be represented as a rectangle with height hh and width ww, divided into
Let's call a number a binary decimal if it's a positive integer and all digits in its decimal notation are either 00 or 11. For example, 10101111010111 is a binary decimal, while 1020110201 and 787788787788
A sequence (b1,b2,…,bk)(b1,b2,…,bk) is called strange, if the absolute difference between any pair of its elements is greater than or equal to the maximum element in the sequence. Formally speaking, it's strange if for every
Eshag has an array aa consisting of nn integers.Eshag can perform the following operation any number of times: choose some subsequence of aa and delete every element from it which is strictly larger than AVGAVG,
To AmShZ, all arrays are equal, but some arrays are more-equal than others. Specifically, the arrays consisting of nn elements from 11 to nn that can be turned into permutations of numbers from 11 to
Today is Mashtali's birthday! He received a Hagh tree from Haj Davood as his birthday present!A directed tree is called a Hagh tree iff:   The length of the longest directed path in it
There are nn cities in Shaazzzland, numbered from 00 to n−1n−1. Ghaazzzland, the immortal enemy of Shaazzzland, is ruled by AaParsa.As the head of the Ghaazzzland's intelligence agency, AaParsa is carrying out the most important
Soroush and Keshi each have a labeled and rooted tree on nn vertices. Both of their trees are rooted from vertex 11.Soroush and Keshi used to be at war. After endless decades of fighting, they
Kavi has 2n2n points lying on the OXOX axis, ii-th of which is located at x=ix=i.Kavi considers all ways to split these 2n2n points into nn pairs. Among those, he is interested in good pairings,
Parsa has a humongous tree on nn vertices.On each vertex vv he has written two integers lvlv and rvrv.To make Parsa's tree look even more majestic, Nima wants to assign a number avav (lv≤av≤rvlv≤av≤rv) to
You are given an array aa of nn integers. Define the cost of some array tt as follows:cost(t)=∑x∈set(t)last(x)−first(x),cost(t)=∑x∈set(t)last(x)−first(x), where set(t)set(t) is the set of all values in tt without repetitions, first(x)first(x), and last(x)last(x) are the
You are given a tree with nn nodes, numerated from 00 to n−1n−1. For each kk between 00 and nn, inclusive, you have to count the number of unordered pairs (u,v)(u,v), u≠vu≠v, such that the
The weight of a sequence is defined as the number of unordered pairs of indexes (i,j)(i,j) (here i<ji<j) with same value (ai=ajai=aj). For example, the weight of sequence a=[1,1,2,2,1]a=[1,1,2,2,1] is 44. The set of unordered
The only difference between the easy and hard versions is that the given string ss in the easy version is initially a palindrome, this condition is not always true for the hard version.A palindrome is
The only difference between the easy and hard versions is that the given string ss in the easy version is initially a palindrome, this condition is not always true for the hard version.A palindrome is
Given an integer nn, find the maximum value of integer kk such that the following condition holds:  nn & (n−1n−1) & (n−2n−2) & (n−3n−3) & ... (kk) = 00  where & denotes the
This is an interactive problem.There is a secret permutation pp (11-indexed) of numbers from 11 to nn. More formally, for 1≤i≤n1≤i≤n, 1≤p[i]≤n1≤p[i]≤n and for 1≤i<j≤n1≤i<j≤n, p[i]≠p[j]p[i]≠p[j]. It is known that p[1]<p[2]p[1]<p[2].In 11 query, you give
Once upon a time, Oolimry saw a suffix array. He wondered how many strings can produce this suffix array. More formally, given a suffix array of length nn and having an alphabet size kk, count
After rejecting 1010010100 data structure problems, Errorgorn is very angry at Anton and decided to kill him.Anton's DNA can be represented as a string aa which only contains the characters "ANTON" (there are only 44
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version n≤200000n≤200000. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.There are nn potions in a
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version n≤2000n≤2000. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.There are nn potions in a
You are given an integer xx. Can you make xx by summing up some number of 11,111,1111,11111,…11,111,1111,11111,…? (You can use any number among them any number of times).For instance,   33=11+11+1133=11+11+11  144=111+11+11+11144=111+11+11+11 
You are given an array aa of 2n2n distinct integers. You want to arrange the elements of the array in a circle such that no element is equal to the the arithmetic mean of its
Monocarp plays a computer game called "Goblins and Gnomes". In this game, he manages a large underground city of gnomes and defends it from hordes of goblins.The city consists of nn halls and mm one-directional
Monocarp is playing a game "Assimilation IV". In this game he manages a great empire: builds cities and conquers new lands.Monocarp's empire has nn cities. In order to conquer new lands he plans to build
There are nn armchairs, numbered from 11 to nn from left to right. Some armchairs are occupied by people (at most one person per armchair), others are not. The number of occupied armchairs is not
There are nn robots driving along an OX axis. There are also two walls: one is at coordinate 00 and one is at coordinate mm.The ii-th robot starts at an integer coordinate xi (0<xi<m)xi (0<xi<m) and moves
You are given a permutation aa consisting of nn numbers 11, 22, ..., nn (a permutation is an array in which each element from 11 to nn occurs exactly once).You can perform the following operation:
You have an initially empty cauldron, and you want to brew a potion in it. The potion consists of two ingredients: magic essence and water. The potion you want to brew should contain exactly k %k %
  William really wants to get a pet. Since his childhood he dreamt about getting a pet grasshopper. William is being very responsible about choosing his pet, so he wants to set up a
  William owns a flat in central London. He decided to rent his flat out for the next nn days to earn some money.Since his flat is in the center of the city, he
  After William is done with work for the day, he enjoys playing his favorite video game.The game happens in a 2D world, starting at turn 00. William can pick any cell in the
  To monitor cryptocurrency exchange rates trader William invented a wonderful device consisting of nn lights arranged in a row. The device functions in the following way:Initially, all lights on William's device are turned
  William is hosting a party for nn of his trader friends. They started a discussion on various currencies they trade, but there's an issue: not all of his trader friends like every currency.
  William is a huge fan of planning ahead. That is why he starts his morning routine by creating a nested list of upcoming errands.A valid nested list is any list which can be
  While trading on his favorite exchange trader William realized that he found a vulnerability. Using this vulnerability he could change the values of certain internal variables to his advantage. To play around he
  William really likes the cellular automaton called "Game of Life" so he decided to make his own version. For simplicity, William decided to define his cellular automaton on an array containing nn cells,
You like numbers, don't you? Nastia has a lot of numbers and she wants to share them with you! Isn't it amazing?Let aiai be how many numbers ii (1≤i≤k1≤i≤k) you have.An n×nn×n matrix is called
Nastia has an unweighted tree with nn vertices and wants to play with it!The girl will perform the following operation with her tree, as long as she needs:  Remove any existing edge.  Add
This is an interactive problem!Nastia has a hidden permutation pp of length nn consisting of integers from 11 to nn. You, for some reason, want to figure out the permutation. To do that, you can
Nastia has received an array of nn positive integers as a gift.She calls such an array aa good that for all ii (2≤i≤n2≤i≤n) takes place gcd(ai−1,ai)=1gcd(ai−1,ai)=1, where gcd(u,v)gcd(u,v) denotes the greatest common divisor (GCD) of
Nastia has 22 positive integers AA and BB. She defines that:  The integer is good if it is divisible by A⋅BA⋅B;  Otherwise, the integer is nearly good, if it is divisible by AA.
Dima overslept the alarm clock, which was supposed to raise him to school.Dima wonders if he will have time to come to the first lesson. To do this, he needs to know the minimum time
This is an interactive problem.This is a hard version of the problem. The difference from the easy version is that in the hard version 1≤t≤min(n,104)1≤t≤min(n,104) and the total number of queries is limited to 6⋅1046⋅104.Polycarp
This is an interactive problem.This is an easy version of the problem. The difference from the hard version is that in the easy version t=1t=1 and the number of queries is limited to 2020.Polycarp is
You are playing the game "Arranging The Sheep". The goal of this game is to make the sheep line up. The level in the game is described by a string of length nn, consisting of
You are given an array aa of nn integers. Count the number of pairs of indices (i,j)(i,j) such that i<ji<j and aj−ai=j−iaj−ai=j−i. InputThe first line contains one integer tt (1≤t≤1041≤t≤104). Then tt test cases follow.The
We will consider the numbers aa and bb as adjacent if they differ by exactly one, that is, |a−b|=1|a−b|=1.We will consider cells of a square matrix n×nn×n as adjacent if they have a common side,
Let's call a positive integer nn ordinary if in the decimal notation all its digits are the same. For example, 11, 22 and 9999 are ordinary numbers, but 719719 and 20212021 are not ordinary numbers.For
Polycarp has 2626 tasks. Each task is designated by a capital letter of the Latin alphabet.The teacher asked Polycarp to solve tasks in the following way: if Polycarp began to solve some task, then he
Alice and Bob play a game. Alice has got nn treasure chests (the ii-th of which contains aiai coins) and mm keys (the jj-th of which she can sell Bob for bjbj coins).Firstly, Alice puts
There are nn points on an infinite plane. The ii-th point has coordinates (xi,yi)(xi,yi) such that xi>0xi>0 and yi>0yi>0. The coordinates are not necessarily integer.In one move you perform the following operations:   choose
You are given two integer arrays aa and bb of length nn.You can reverse at most one subarray (continuous subsegment) of the array aa. Your task is to reverse such a subarray that the sum
Polycarp is an organizer of a Berland ICPC regional event. There are nn universities in Berland numbered from 11 to nn. Polycarp knows all competitive programmers in the region. There are nn students: the ii-th
There is a n×mn×m grid. You are standing at cell (1,1)(1,1) and your goal is to finish at cell (n,m)(n,m).You can move to the neighboring cells to the right or down. In other words, suppose
You have rr red and bb blue beans. You'd like to distribute them among several (maybe, one) packets in such a way that each packet:   has at least one red bean (or the
After hearing the story of Dr. Zhang, Wowo decides to plan his own flight around the world. He already chose nn checkpoints in the world map. Due to the landform and the clouds, he cannot
At the foot of Liyushan Mountain, nn tents will be carefully arranged to provide accommodation for those who are willing to experience the joy of approaching nature, the tranquility of the night, and the bright
It is reported that the 2050 Conference will be held in Yunqi Town in Hangzhou from April 23 to 25, including theme forums, morning jogging, camping and so on.The relationship between the nn volunteers of
In the 2050 Conference, some people from the competitive programming community meet together and are going to take a photo. The nn people form a line. They are numbered from 11 to nn from left
You are wandering in the explorer space of the 2050 Conference.The explorer space can be viewed as an undirected weighted grid graph with size n×mn×m. The set of vertices is {(i,j)|1≤i≤n,1≤j≤m}{(i,j)|1≤i≤n,1≤j≤m}. Two vertices (i1,j1)(i1,j1) and
Fillomino is a classic logic puzzle. (You do not need to know Fillomino in order to solve this problem.) In one classroom in Yunqi town, some volunteers are playing a board game variant of it:Consider
The 2050 volunteers are organizing the "Run! Chase the Rising Sun" activity. Starting on Apr 25 at 7:30 am, runners will complete the 6km trail around the Yunqi town.There are n+1n+1 checkpoints on the trail.
A number is called 2050-number if it is 20502050, 2050020500, ..., (2050⋅10k2050⋅10k for integer k≥0k≥0).Given a number nn, you are asked to represent nn as the sum of some (not necessarily distinct) 2050-numbers. Compute the
This time around, Baby Ehab will play with permutations. He has nn cubes arranged in a row, with numbers from 11 to nn written on them. He'll make exactly jj operations. In each operation, he'll
This time Baby Ehab will only cut and not stick. He starts with a piece of paper with an array aa of length nn written on it, and then he does the following:  he
Baby Ehab was toying around with arrays. He has an array aa of length nn. He defines an array to be good if there's no way to partition it into 22 subsequences such that the
Baby Ehab is known for his love for a certain operation. He has an array aa of length nn, and he decided to keep doing the following operation on it:   he picks 22
Given an array aa of length nn, you can do at most kk operations of the following type on it:  choose 22 different elements in the array, add 11 to the first, and subtract
Phoenix wonders what it is like to rob diamonds from a jewelry store!There are nn types of diamonds. The ii-th type has weight wiwi and value vivi. The store initially has aiai diamonds of the
Phoenix loves playing with bits — specifically, by using the bitwise operations AND, OR, and XOR. He has nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an, and will perform qq of the following queries:  replace all numbers aiai where l≤ai≤rl≤ai≤r
In Fire City, there are nn intersections and mm one-way roads. The ii-th road goes from intersection aiai to bibi and has length lili miles. There are qq cars that may only drive along those
Phoenix's homeland, the Fire Nation had nn cities that were connected by mm roads, but the roads were all destroyed by an earthquake. The Fire Nation wishes to repair n−1n−1 of these roads so that
There are nn computers in a row, all originally off, and Phoenix wants to turn all of them on. He will manually turn on computers one at a time. At any point, if computer i−1i−1
To satisfy his love of matching socks, Phoenix has brought his nn socks (nn is even) to the sock store. Each of his socks has a color cici and is either a left sock or
Phoenix has nn blocks of height h1,h2,…,hnh1,h2,…,hn, and all hihi don't exceed some value xx. He plans to stack all nn blocks into mm separate towers. The height of a tower is simply the sum
Phoenix is playing with a new puzzle, which consists of nn identical puzzle pieces. Each puzzle piece is a right isosceles triangle as shown below.  A puzzle piece The goal of the puzzle is
Phoenix has collected nn pieces of gold, and he wants to weigh them together so he can feel rich. The ii-th piece of gold has weight wiwi. All weights are distinct. He will put his
This is an interactive problem.Baby Ehab loves crawling around his apartment. It has nn rooms numbered from 00 to n−1n−1. For every pair of rooms, aa and bb, there's either a direct passage from room
Baby Ehab has a piece of Cut and Stick with an array aa of length nn written on it. He plans to grab a pair of scissors and do the following to it:  pick
Now you get Baby Ehab's first words: "Given an integer nn, find the longest subsequence of [1,2,…,n−1][1,2,…,n−1] whose product is 11 modulo nn." Please solve the problem.A sequence bb is a subsequence of an array
Baby Badawy's first words were "AND 0 SUM BIG", so he decided to solve the following problem. Given two integers nn and kk, count the number of arrays of length nn such that:  all
Given an array aa of length nn, tell us whether it has a non-empty subsequence such that the product of its elements is not a perfect square.A sequence bb is a subsequence of an array
You are given 2 arrays aa and bb, both of size nn. You can swap two elements in bb at most once (or leave it as it is), and you are required to minimize the
An array is called beautiful if all the elements in the array are equal.You can transform an array using the following steps any number of times:   Choose two indices ii and jj (1≤i,j≤n1≤i,j≤n),
You are given an array aa of nn (n≥2n≥2) positive integers and an integer pp. Consider an undirected weighted graph of nn vertices numbered from 11 to nn for which the edges between the vertices
You are given an integer nn. You have to apply mm operations to it.In a single operation, you must replace every digit dd of the number with the decimal representation of integer d+1d+1. For example,
A sequence of nn non-negative integers (n≥2n≥2) a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an is called good if for all ii from 11 to n−1n−1 the following condition holds true: a1&a2&…&ai=ai+1&ai+2&…&an,a1&a2&…&ai=ai+1&ai+2&…&an, where && denotes the bitwise AND operation.You are given an
A sequence of nn integers is called a permutation if it contains all integers from 11 to nn exactly once.Given two integers nn and kk, construct a permutation aa of numbers from 11 to nn
Let us denote by d(n)d(n) the sum of all divisors of the number nn, i.e. d(n)=∑k|nkd(n)=∑k|nk.For example, d(1)=1d(1)=1, d(4)=1+2+4=7d(4)=1+2+4=7, d(6)=1+2+3+6=12d(6)=1+2+3+6=12.For a given number cc, find the minimum nn such that d(n)=cd(n)=c. InputThe first line contains
Polycarp is wondering about buying a new computer, which costs cc tugriks. To do this, he wants to get a job as a programmer in a big company.There are nn positions in Polycarp's company, numbered
A permutation is a sequence of nn integers from 11 to nn, in which all the numbers occur exactly once. For example, [1][1], [3,5,2,1,4][3,5,2,1,4], [1,3,2][1,3,2] are permutations, and [2,3,2][2,3,2], [4,3,1][4,3,1], [0][0] are not.Polycarp was given
You are given a number nn and an array b1,b2,…,bn+2b1,b2,…,bn+2, obtained according to the following algorithm:   some array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an was guessed;  array aa was written to array bb, i.e. bi=aibi=ai (1≤i≤n1≤i≤n); 
You are given a string ss consisting of the characters '0', '1', and '?'. You need to replace all the characters with '?' in the string ss by '0' or '1' so that the string
There is a square field of size n×nn×n in which two cells are marked. These cells can be in the same row or column.You are to mark two more cells so that they are the
You are given an array aa consisting of nn (n≥3n≥3) positive integers. It is known that in this array, all the numbers except one are the same (for example, in the array [4,11,4,4][4,11,4,4] all numbers
Alice and Bob have a rectangular board consisting of nn rows and mm columns. Each row contains exactly one chip.Alice and Bob play the following game. They choose two integers ll and rr such that
A chainword is a special type of crossword. As most of the crosswords do, it has cells that you put the letters in and some sort of hints to what these letters should be.The letter
You have a large rectangular board which is divided into n×mn×m cells (the board has nn rows and mm columns). Each cell is either white or black.You paint each white cell either red or blue.
Let's define the cost of a string ss as the number of index pairs ii and jj (1≤i<j<|s|1≤i<j<|s|) such that si=sjsi=sj and si+1=sj+1si+1=sj+1.You are given two positive integers nn and kk. Among all strings with
You have a card deck of nn cards, numbered from top to bottom, i. e. the top card has index 11 and bottom card — index nn. Each card has its color: the ii-th card has color
You are given three integers aa, bb and cc.Find two positive integers xx and yy (x>0x>0, y>0y>0) such that:   the decimal representation of xx without leading zeroes consists of aa digits;  the
You are an upcoming movie director, and you have just released your first movie. You have also launched a simple review site with two buttons to press — upvote and downvote.However, the site is not so
The brave Knight came to the King and asked permission to marry the princess. The King knew that the Knight was brave, but he also wanted to know if he was smart enough. So he
Joseph really likes the culture of Japan. Last year he learned Japanese traditional clothes and visual arts and now he is trying to find out the secret of the Japanese game called Nonogram.In the one-dimensional
The popular improv website Interpretation Impetus hosts regular improv contests and maintains a rating of the best performers. However, since improv can often go horribly wrong, the website is notorious for declaring improv contests unrated.
You are given a set of nn segments on a line [Li;Ri][Li;Ri]. All 2n2n segment endpoints are pairwise distinct integers.The set is laminar — any two segments are either disjoint or one of them contains the
Error Loading Problem
Imagine a board with nn pins put into it, the ii-th pin is located at (xi,yi)(xi,yi). For simplicity, we will restrict the problem to the case where the pins are placed in vertices of a
Error Loading Problem
Diana loves playing with numbers. She's got nn cards with positive integer numbers aiai written on them. She spends her free time multiplying the numbers on the cards. She picks a non-empty subset of the
There was no problem about a cactus at the NERC 2020 online round. That's a bad mistake, so judges decided to fix it. You shall not pass to the World Finals 2021 without solving a
You are standing in front of the room with great treasures. The only thing stopping you is the door with a push-button combination lock. This lock has dd buttons with digits from 00 to d−1d−1.
Error Loading Problem
The student council is preparing for the relay race at the sports festival.The council consists of nn members. They will run one after the other in the race, the speed of member ii is sisi.
The student council has a shared document file. Every day, some members of the student council write the sequence TMT (short for Towa Maji Tenshi) in it.However, one day, the members somehow entered the sequence
Sayaka Saeki is a member of the student council, which has nn other members (excluding Sayaka). The ii-th member has a height of aiai millimeters.It's the end of the school year and Sayaka wants to
Touko's favorite sequence of numbers is a permutation a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an of 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n, and she wants some collection of permutations that are similar to her favorite permutation.She has a collection of qq intervals of the form [li,ri][li,ri]
Yuu Koito and Touko Nanami are newlyweds! On the wedding day, Yuu gifted Touko a directed tree with nn nodes and rooted at 11, and a labeling aa which is some DFS order of the
Based on a peculiar incident at basketball practice, Akari came up with the following competitive programming problem!You are given nn points on the plane, no three of which are collinear. The ii-th point initially has
As a teacher, Riko Hakozaki often needs to help her students with problems from various subjects. Today, she is asked a programming task which goes as follows.You are given an undirected complete graph with nn
Seiji Maki doesn't only like to observe relationships being unfolded, he also likes to observe sequences of numbers, especially permutations. Today, he has his eyes on almost sorted permutations.A permutation a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an of 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n is said
A bitstring is a string that contains only the characters 0 and 1.Koyomi Kanou is working hard towards her dream of becoming a writer. To practice, she decided to participate in the Binary Novel Writing
You are given a string ss, consisting of lowercase Latin letters. While there is at least one character in the string ss that is repeated at least twice, you perform the following operation:  
Consider an infinite triangle made up of layers. Let's number the layers, starting from one, from the top of the triangle (from top to bottom). The kk-th layer of the triangle contains kk points, numbered
A permutation is a sequence of nn integers from 11 to nn, in which all numbers occur exactly once. For example, [1][1], [3,5,2,1,4][3,5,2,1,4], [1,3,2][1,3,2] are permutations, and [2,3,2][2,3,2], [4,3,1][4,3,1], [0][0] are not.Polycarp was presented with
You are given an array aa of length nn consisting of integers. You can apply the following operation, consisting of several steps, on the array aa zero or more times:   you select two
You are given the strings aa and bb, consisting of lowercase Latin letters. You can do any number of the following operations in any order:   if |a|>0|a|>0 (the length of the string aa
You are given a number kk and a string ss of length nn, consisting of the characters '.' and '*'. You want to replace some of the '*' characters with 'x' characters so that the
Polycarp found a rectangular table consisting of nn rows and mm columns. He noticed that each cell of the table has its number, obtained by the following algorithm "by columns":   cells are numbered
You are given a mysterious language (codenamed "Secret 2021") available in "Custom Test" tab. Find out what this language is and write a program which outputs its name. Note that the program must be written
Hack the program and get the password hidden in it. InputThis program has only one test, and it's empty (it doesn't give your program anything to read). OutputOutput the password recovered from the program. The
InputThe first line of the input contains a single integer NN (1≤N≤241≤N≤24). The next NN lines contain 55 space-separated integers each. The first three integers will be between 0 and 2, inclusive. The last two
    *The two images are equivalent, feel free to use either one. InputThe input contains a single integer aa (−100≤a≤100−100≤a≤100). OutputOutput the result – an integer number. ExampleInputCopy1 OutputCopy1 
A mouse encountered a nice big cake and decided to take a walk across it, eating the berries on top of the cake on its way. The cake is rectangular, neatly divided into squares; some
InputThe input contains two integers NN, MM (1≤N≤1024,2≤M≤161≤N≤1024,2≤M≤16), separated by a single space.OutputOutput "YES" or "NO".ExamplesInputCopy2 3 OutputCopyYES InputCopy3 2 OutputCopyNO InputCopy33 16 OutputCopyYES InputCopy26 5 OutputCopyNO   
InputThe input consists of a single string of uppercase letters A-Z. The length of the string is between 1 and 10 characters, inclusive.OutputOutput "YES" or "NO".ExamplesInputCopyHELP OutputCopyYES InputCopyAID OutputCopyNO InputCopyMARY OutputCopyNO InputCopyANNA OutputCopyYES InputCopyMUG OutputCopyYES
Many people are aware of DMCA – Digital Millennium Copyright Act. But another recently proposed DMCA – Digital Millennium Calculation Act – is much less known.In this problem you need to find a root of
InteractionThis is an interactive problem. You need to read participants' queries from standard input and print your responses to standard output. You don't know the number of queries upfront, so you'll need to process them
There is a binary string aa of length nn. In one operation, you can select any prefix of aa with an equal number of 00 and 11 symbols. Then all symbols in the prefix are
A palindrome is a string that reads the same backward as forward. For example, the strings "z", "aaa", "aba", and "abccba" are palindromes, but "codeforces" and "ab" are not. You hate palindromes because they give
A balanced bracket sequence is defined as an integer sequence that can be built with the following rules:  The empty sequence is balanced.  If [a1,…,an][a1,…,an] and [b1,…,bm][b1,…,bm] are balanced, then their concatenation [a1,…,an,b1,…,bm][a1,…,an,b1,…,bm]
There is a grid with nn rows and mm columns. Every cell of the grid should be colored either blue or yellow.A coloring of the grid is called stupid if every row has exactly one
There is a deck of nn cards. The ii-th card has a number aiai on the front and a number bibi on the back. Every integer between 11 and 2n2n appears exactly once on the
There are nn cities numbered from 11 to nn, and city ii has beauty aiai.A salesman wants to start at city 11, visit every city exactly once, and return to city 11.For all i≠ji≠j, a
This is an interactive problem.Alice and Bob are playing a game. There is n×nn×n grid, initially empty. We refer to the cell in row ii and column jj by (i,j)(i,j) for 1≤i,j≤n1≤i,j≤n. There is an
A sequence of brackets is called balanced if one can turn it into a valid math expression by adding characters '+' and '1'. For example, sequences '(())()', '()', and '(()(()))' are balanced, while ')(', '(()',
This week Arkady wanted to cook some pancakes (to follow ancient traditions) and make a problem about that. But then he remembered that one can't make a problem about stacking pancakes without working at a
Alexey is travelling on a train. Unfortunately, due to the bad weather, the train moves slower that it should!Alexey took the train at the railroad terminal. Let's say that the train starts from the terminal
In the house where Krosh used to live, he had nn cupboards standing in a line, the ii-th cupboard had the height of hihi. Krosh moved recently, but he wasn't able to move the cupboards
Vanya invented an interesting trick with a set of integers.Let an illusionist have a set of positive integers SS. He names a positive integer xx. Then an audience volunteer must choose some subset (possibly, empty)
Kostya is extremely busy: he is renovating his house! He needs to hand wallpaper, assemble furniture throw away trash.Kostya is buying tiles for bathroom today. He is standing in front of a large square stand
You are given two tables AA and BB of size n×mn×m. We define a sorting by column as the following: we choose a column and reorder the rows of the table by the value in
Vasya is a CEO of a big construction company. And as any other big boss he has a spacious, richly furnished office with two crystal chandeliers. To stay motivated Vasya needs the color of light
It was the third month of remote learning, Nastya got sick of staying at dormitory, so she decided to return to her hometown. In order to make her trip more entertaining, one of Nastya's friend
You are given a bipartite graph consisting of n1n1 vertices in the first part, n2n2 vertices in the second part, and mm edges, numbered from 11 to mm. You have to color each edge into
You are given an integer kk and an undirected tree, consisting of nn vertices.The length of a simple path (a path in which each vertex appears at most once) between some pair of vertices is
You are given two strings xx and yy, both consist only of lowercase Latin letters. Let |s||s| be the length of string ss.Let's call a sequence aa a merging sequence if it consists of exactly
You are given three positive (greater than zero) integers cc, dd and xx. You have to find the number of pairs of positive integers (a,b)(a,b) such that equality c⋅lcm(a,b)−d⋅gcd(a,b)=xc⋅lcm(a,b)−d⋅gcd(a,b)=x holds. Where lcm(a,b)lcm(a,b) is the least
Let's say you are standing on the XYXY-plane at point (0,0)(0,0) and you want to reach point (n,n)(n,n).You can move only in two directions:   to the right, i. e. horizontally and in the direction
You are given a string ss, consisting only of characters '0' or '1'. Let |s||s| be the length of ss.You are asked to choose some integer kk (k>0k>0) and find a sequence aa of length
You have a board represented as a grid with 2×n2×n cells.The first k1k1 cells on the first row and first k2k2 cells on the second row are colored in white. All other cells are colored
Alice and Bob are going to celebrate Christmas by playing a game with a tree of presents. The tree has nn nodes (numbered 11 to nn, with some node rr as its root). There are
This is an interactive problem. Remember to flush your output while communicating with the testing program. You may use fflush(stdout) in C++, system.out.flush() in Java, stdout.flush() in Python or flush(output) in Pascal to flush the
You have a malfunctioning microwave in which you want to put some bananas. You have nn time-steps before the microwave stops working completely. At each time-step, it displays a new operation.Let kk be the number
Gaurang has grown up in a mystical universe. He is faced by nn consecutive 2D planes. He shoots a particle of decay age kk at the planes.A particle can pass through a plane directly, however,
You are given nn rectangles, each of height 11. Each rectangle's width is a power of 22 (i. e. it can be represented as 2x2x for some non-negative integer xx). You are also given a two-dimensional
The gcdSumgcdSum of a positive integer is the gcdgcd of that integer with its sum of digits. Formally, gcdSum(x)=gcd(x, sum of digits of x)gcdSum(x)=gcd(x, sum of digits of x) for a positive integer xx. gcd(a,b)gcd(a,b) denotes the greatest common
This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version 0≤k≤200≤k≤20.There is an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an of nn positive integers. You should divide it into a minimal number of continuous
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version k=0k=0.There is an array a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an of nn positive integers. You should divide it into a minimal number of continuous
Please note the non-standard memory limit.There are nn problems numbered with integers from 11 to nn. ii-th problem has the complexity ci=2ici=2i, tag tagitagi and score sisi.After solving the problem ii it's allowed to solve
It is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version 3≤k≤n3≤k≤n.You are given a positive integer nn. Find kk positive integers a1,a2,…,aka1,a2,…,ak, such that:  a1+a2+…+ak=na1+a2+…+ak=n  LCM(a1,a2,…,ak)≤n2LCM(a1,a2,…,ak)≤n2 Here