Alice and Bob have a rectangular board consisting of nn rows and mm columns. Each row contains exactly one chip.Alice and Bob play the following game. They choose two integers ll and rr such that 1≤l≤r≤m1≤l≤r≤m and cut the board in such a way that only the part of it between column ll and column rr (inclusive) remains. So, all columns to the left of column ll and all columns to the right of column rr no longer belong to the board.After cutting the board, they move chips on the remaining part of the board (the part from column ll to column rr). They make alternating moves, and the player which cannot make a move loses the game. The first move is made by Alice, the second — by Bob, the third — by Alice, and so on. During their move, the player must choose one of the chips from the board and move it any positive number of cells to the left (so, if the chip was in column ii, it can move to any column j<ij<i, and the chips in the leftmost column cannot be chosen).Alice and Bob have qq pairs of numbers LiLi and RiRi. For each such pair, they want to determine who will be the winner of the game if l=Lil=Li and r=Rir=Ri. Note that these games should be considered independently (they don't affect the state of the board for the next games), and both Alice and Bob play optimally.
InputThe first line contains two integers nn and mm (1≤n,m≤2⋅1051≤n,m≤2⋅105) — the number of rows and columns on the board, respectively.The second line contains nn integers c1,c2,…,cnc1,c2,…,cn (1≤ci≤m1≤ci≤m), where cici is the index of the column where the chip in the ii-th row is located (so, the chip in the ii-th row is in the cici-th column).The third line contains one integer qq (1≤q≤2⋅1051≤q≤2⋅105).Then qq lines follow, the ii-th of them contains two integers LiLi and RiRi (1≤Li≤Ri≤m1≤Li≤Ri≤m).
OutputPrint a string of qq characters. The ii-th character should be A if Alice wins the game with l=Lil=Li and r=Rir=Ri, or B if Bob wins it.
ExampleInputCopy8 10
1 3 3 7 4 2 6 9
7
2 3
1 3
1 4
1 10
5 10
8 10
9 10
OutputCopyBAAAAAB